Gregory how you holding up
I am holding it up although not as much
as I would like to be holding it out
like that's the I think that's a lot
people are talking about all the
different constraints of this pandemic
masturbation has gone by the wayside for
a lot of you if you live in a
two-bedroom apartment and you got two
kids hmm you know you gonna have to jerk
off while you're shitting bring your
phone in there with you have you got a
land it just right you got to let it
squirt and then come down between your
legs into the water to point down you
got to hurt yourself you know you got to
go overhand look you're doing deep in
the third gear yeah that's the thing is
like and I've never been a shower guy
and especially now that I'm fifth I'll
be 54 on Wednesday I remember jerking
off in the bath once and it just floated
fucking like drug floated all right it's
it's fucking floating and cooking right
I remember once I was at my my
brother-in-law's apartment in New York
it was in New York City and we played
midnight hockey in Central Park he
played in this league and he go out it
was fucking February when I was like 20
20 degrees out and we played hockey for
an hour and a half in Central Park you
know they have rinks out there Wolman
rink and we come back and I and I was
out of shape but this but this guy's
like a hockey fanatics I want to do it
so I come back and I was like I got to
take a bath so I go into the bath and
and they're fucking slob just three
brothers living together in an apartment
so I go in the bathroom
and I fill it up I get in and I'm laying
there and I'm fucking chilling out I'm
like oh this feels so good and then I
see this egg drop soup and I realize
like they all jerk off in the shower I
just like jumped up fucking showered for
like 45 minutes it's so weird that we're
more terrified of jizz than virtually
any other body part like if I had a
choice between a guy jizzing on my pants
or peeing on my pants I'd say peeing all
day oh yeah right absent that hilarious
isn't that weird it's like we've decided
that one fluid coming out of the dick is
associated with pleasure male pleasure
dirty men trying to come he owns you pee
just an idiot
white peeing on me man yeah my friends
have peed on me it's happened you know
we were gonna know if you're out in the
woods we were out in the woods and we
were at a we were at a fort we had this
4/20 nage we were like 13 and we were
already drinking and smoking a lot of
pot we were like 13 and we were in this
fort and we all got shit-faced and then
my friend just pulled his dick out and
he started peeing on all of us go home
that night like my jeans were drenched
in piss wasn't even mine of course my
mother thought it was me that really is
a difference room men and women girls
don't go out and pee on each other now
no they rarely go in the woods by
themselves anyway right right just a
group of girls in the woods that's some
horror movie you're not supposed to do
that yeah girls guys in the woods that's
normal shit right a group of girls in
the woods it's like what are you girls
to do you have a gun yeah you can't just
be in the woods yeah isn't it where the
woods make everything scarier everything
let's make our all the grim fairy tale
stuff right well it's all wolves would
eat people yes all right that's what it
was
a little red riding-hood like we don't
have to deal with that anymore so we
kind of forgot what can happen yes
wolves don't play by any rules they'll
eat your kids yeah for sure
hell yeah and people used to have to
deal with that until they wiped him out
is I'm not an anti wolf guy don't get me
out but that's what those fears are all
about right going through the woods at
night and monsters are hiding and
they're trying to get you yeah
everything scarier in the woods we've
escaped the woods we got some nice hard
surfaces and some streetlights I feel
pretty good about it I feel like we're
fucking holding our ground here but
every now and then a coyote will run
across a bank bullets right every now
and then a coyote is on Olive Street
just looking around trying to see what
kind of actually fucking creeps like the
roadrunner the fucking coyote man watch
out he's got some Acme shit except in
that in the roadrunner the coyote never
wins yeah in real life they always win
of course
they win every time they beat me they
killed all my chickens dude all of them
they got them all this was here and yeah
Wow yeah they've killed you at fencing
yes they got in they broke into the
chicken coop they killed nine chickens
the last remaining nine chickens he had
killed the plucked him off one at a time
damn yeah with help from my dog at one
point time my Mastiff became friends
with the coyote and he's way bigger than
them so they used him to break into the
chicken coop so he broke into the
chicken coop and the Coyotes got in the
chicken coop with the dog like they
literally tricked the dog into breaking
into the chicken coop oh and if the
Mastiff got shit from other masters like
dude you're friends with coyotes well
you know he just got tricked he thought
there were dogs yeah there were his
friends right
and my other dogs kind of an asshole and
they don't get along like good they're
both gone now unfortunately they're 13
yeah they both passed in the 13 is
exceptionally old for a mastiff - he was
really hurt at the end but he was the
best dog but he just wanted to be
friends with the coyote coyotes like hey
man let's kill these fucking hilarious
so we are pressure from the Coyotes when
when this the thing that happens with
chickens
where
be convinced that they have laid a
viable egg like they've been bred with
it's kind of sad really
and they'll sit on an egg and they pluck
all their feathers out and there's
nothing nothing ever happens right this
is no egg ever comes and turns into a
chick because they're not being
impregnated by roosters right which by
the way I didn't know until I was 40
okay and I was like oh yeah of course
duh I didn't know that tell us forty
anyway you have to take them out of the
regular population and put them in a
smaller coop where they have to sit up
on their feet and you do it for a few
days and they get over it if you don't
they'll continue to pull their feathers
out for like a whole cycle and they'll
do it for like twenty eight thirty days
it's it's not good for them they're
pecking at their skin so you have to
separate them so we separated them we
put him in a smaller coop a little small
one where it has to sit up for a couple
days and the dog just smashed that just
I mean he's a hundred and forty pounds
of solid muscle and bone the sweetest
dog of all time Mastiffs they're so
sweet like he didn't want to hurt a fly
but this coyote was his buddy and he was
like yeah what a great idea so he
smashes this little chicken coop and in
the coyote we're playing like fucking
clue or something me and my family are
sitting around playing some board game
and we look up I go oh fucking coyotes
got a chicken so the Coyotes running
through the backyard with a chicken in
its mouth and I see it we had a fence in
the backyard where the coyote jumped
over that was about five feet five five
feet five inches maybe something like
that yeah it was nothing no sure their
back legs are like Springs with a
chicken in its mouth dude I know it
leaped up into the air touch the top of
the five foot thing like it was nothing
and then bounced right over and and
landed on the ground so gracefully yeah
look I had to admire it yeah I know it
just killed my chicken but I'm like whoa
yeah but dude you've when you have kids
and you see those fucking things you
just go wait what is stopping that from
eating a baby right nothing right
think stopping that from eating a baby
you leave a baby in the yard a coyote
will steal it and jump over the fence
with it understand that right
fortunately human beings don't leave
their fucking babies by themselves yeah
but if you did dude we were in South
Africa one time and we're taking a hike
down to the the Cape of Good Hope which
is like the point it's like the western
point of Africa and they have baboons
there it's like a baboon fucking forest
and so we're like she was a park ranger
they're like should we be scared and
he's like you guys are fine but if you
put your my son at the time was about
three or four say if you put him down
they're gonna take him just like that we
were like could you immensely carry your
baby get snatched by a baboon which is
like a dog monkey yeah right there the
weirdest ones yeah cuz they kind of have
like a dog face almost a giant canines
right do you know they're so smart that
they trained dogs
baboons do baboons trained on oh shit
they steal puppies they bring the
puppies into their little camp and they
feed them and that way the puppy barks
whenever anything's coming near so they
can go to sleep oh no shit dude and they
eat babies yeah damn what what the fuck
man it's crazy video - you see these
baboons dragging these puppies by their
tail just drag them and then they try to
get away sit the fuck now it's putting
the puppies know what to do the puppies
- they give him some food they're like
little demons trained dogs there's
strong shit they're super strong there's
a really really interesting guy out of
Stanford professor Robert Sapolsky and
we were really fortunate enough to get
him to talk on the podcast about a bunch
of different things one of them being
parasites that control behavior of
certain animals and cats and stuff to
call toxoplasmosis but another thing is
that he studied baboons if I like a long
time like years he study the same pack
you could go back to Africa
study these same baboons over and over
again and while he was studying them
there was a case where a really crazy
thing had happened where poisoned food
had gotten into the dump and these
baboons had eaten the poisoned food
because the Alpha is always ate first
they got the poisoned food and they died
off and something like that I hope I'm
not fucking this up but some there was
some sort of a shift because of eating
poisoned food where the the really
aggressive males were gone and then the
males just started like grooming each
other and hanging out was like the
hairstylists one I mean it's really
crazy who are like more chill ok maybe
not till babies let's just go raid the
dumpsters those baboons survived and
then the crazy thing is many generations
later that same behavior the shift in
behavior was still observed there wasn't
so much like super aggressive angry
tooth and claw males that are dominating
everyone else it was more like
cooperation and yeah it's crazy shit I
know I'm butchering it so apologies to
professor Sapolsky he's amazing his
stuff about this guy so maybe they're
sent to this meat to movement we
castrated all aggressive men well I have
a bit where I talk about hyenas and like
matriarchal animal societies Ryan is the
the females are particularly vicious I
don't want to do the bit but one of the
reasons why they're vicious is because
the men are bitches all right they're
all in their way and there's lions
everywhere they can't be strong yeah so
the females got more powerful and then
they took over the society that happens
in all sorts of ecosystems we have this
idea that the males have to dominate
because we dominate now right in nature
like where we are not a single-celled
organism right we're not a primate that
has hair all over its body anymore we're
some new thing well we became this new
thing because we adapt it right
something happened there's natural
selection there was random mutations and
then BOOM human being in 2020 but that
doesn't mean this is the same thing as a
human being in three thousand twenty or
four thousand twenty or ten thousand
twenty we might be turning into a toe
different thing and it seems like we are
to me I mean if you just look at the
difference between like like this this
dope-ass chimpanzee schoo that uh this
dude made for me man shane's machine on
Instagram he made that uh army helmet
head too but the point is like this
thing is fucking way stronger than us
yeah this thing is like it might look
kind of like us but it would tear us to
pieces I mean it's even if it's like
close to the same weight as us it's so
impossibly strong I can't even imagine
it so we're not that anymore
somebody happened something happen write
something out we we stop being this
ridiculously strong murderous omnivore
right and we became a human being which
seems to be way more calm except in big
burst of rage you know mass shoot well
it's like in that book Sapien when when
we went from being was it Neanderthal to
to homo sapien that they existed at the
same time yeah and that actually the
Neanderthal is way stronger way faster
bigger no brain to dope did have a
bigger brain don't wait so I thought
true I thought the safest room
I thought Homo sapiens out thug how
thought out thunk I think they think
they did because I think they think that
the larger brain if I remember correctly
was correct connected to the mass of the
bodies the bodies are very massive right
they were like my height it was like a
really tall male like five eight
neanderthal brains bigger not
necessarily better but they were like
210 pounds yeah they were just built
different than us and not tall no they
were short wide thick ass fucking crazy
thick bones like their bone structure
was very dense they they had like real
like the difference between human like
mahoma sapien bones and Neanderthal
bones you look at them like damn these
motherfuckers were sturdy yeah right see
it doesn't ever do it that the Homo
sapiens were able to get into trees and
get into places where they could escape
see in those images right there they
look pretty similar
than the shape of the head yeah and they
have the hips are lower
yeah but the bones don't look too much
what's shorter but the balls don't look
too much bigger right other things I'd
seen something where it was talking
about the the mass of the bones that
there were larger different proportions
than Homo sapiens this is crazy there's
been a bunch of different kinds of
people man once you really wrap your
head around that and what are those ones
in Russia they're still trying to figure
out the Denisovan yeah and then that
there's a few of them the homo flora
insists that little hobbit man then
lived and Flores there's a human yeah
that's a weird little human being right
there's been a bunch of us no it's true
if you think about you know got God
willing this species goes forward as far
as you say ten thousand I mean can you
imagine in the year ten thousand it was
like when you look at all those movies
like et or any of those it's always a
it's a bigger head a smaller body and
big fingers cuz it's just a fucking
keyboard yep I mean think about when et
was made there wasn't even really
computers being used on a regular basis
at that point right but they sort of
figured out that's what it's gonna be do
you remember that Matthew Broderick
movie wargames now do you want to play a
game he was like thermonuclear war like
yeah he played thermonuclear war with a
computer yeah that's what I remember
that's what people thought like oh my
god computers are gonna take over yeah
kind of right they just didn't see it
coming like this what do you mean care
enough you don't think they're yeah
they're definitely right I'm I just it's
not like computers are starting nuclear
wars and tricking society right but once
once they do once they realize how
fucked up our priorities are you know
once once computer one thing you have to
say about though that's coronavirus
thing this is a good example of people
who are at least like the compliance of
the the the country the total compliance
it's not perfect but it's pretty fucking
incredible right pretty fucking
incredible you got the whole country to
shut down for a month for a virus and
just kind of hang out and just
that no one goes anywhere you go to
supermarket minimal movement you know
couple state though couple states are
holding out couple States I think
Mississippi is like fuck it we gonna
keep on living away we do I think it was
Alabama
I think Alabama there is that see if his
Alabama was the quote they said we're
not California yeah you realize what we
represent to the deep south we are the
fucking annoying like yeah the little
snowflakes for sure dude meanwhile we're
not at all
is the fucking there's a lot of tough
people California's got a lot of
right-wingers also yeah man a lot
alabama governor refuses to issue
shelter-in-place order
we are not California look at her god
bless 80 years old her heart it's all
covet 19 K IV said during a news
conference on Thursday she would not
issue a shelter-in-place order that 21
of the states have enacted to prevent
further spread of Kovan 19 y'all we are
not Louisiana we are not New York State
we are not California oh okay
you got to publish that whole statement
you got to publish that whole stem you
can't just say we are not California see
that's a little sneaky yeah it's right
sneaky all right but I get it because
you can't have the whole thing in a
title of a story right now everything's
clickbait but that's a good clickbait we
are not California yeah but we're not
Louisiana not so clickbait is it now
that's like what are you saying you know
it's so funny that the South has these
standing it goes back to the Civil War I
mean the statewide identity is so
powerful you think about how Texans
think of themselves they are Texans
before they are they before they are
Americans oh yeah and it's like that in
most southern states and it's like you
know that's what the fucking war was
fought about
but it's Texas more than any of the
other ones now yeah Texas it's a totally
different country I'm a hundred percent
on board with that it's a different
country yeah it's Texas I got their own
economy they're a republic - they were
for the longest time they could have
bailed mm-hmm you know like and they're
the ones who had a fight off
Comanches dude yeah oh my god when I
read this book wit was what is the the
Guin now Empire the summer moon this
Native American book I read actually
listen to it on audio I don't wanna lie
but it's amazing and it's all about the
Comanches and the the Comanche Indians
and the Texas Rangers which were created
to try to combat the Comanches this guy
moved to Texas and started reading up on
the history of American Indian and
settler combat and all the other
different crazy stuff that went on
during those days and he's like why in
the fuck these Comanches just ran this
place for hundreds of years no she's
never like the first one to figure out
horseback yeah that was Texas so the
Texas Rangers were the first successful
guys against the Comanche and they
basically fought like the Comanche they
fought on horseback
they didn't dress like regular soldiers
they grew their hair out long they're
just savages yeah and they were our
savages and they went out and fought the
savages at the savage game right and
that's like what established Texas
that's there that's a deeply rooted
independent place like oh yeah fuck you
we carved this fucking place out yeah
don't do there's a book I just just
finished this book about that exact time
it was about the Rangers when they first
went down into Mexico because it's a
book by Cormac McCarthy called blood
meridian oh yeah I've heard about that
dude it's about these these Texas
Rangers they go into Mexico and they get
paid per scalp so it's just like it's
just detailing and its base is based on
a true story it's about this group that
goes down in there and they lose it it's
like it's like heart of darkness they go
down there or you know Apocalypse Now
yeah they go down there and they they
start going after tribes that are
attacking Americans and then eventually
they realize they're just making money
for scalps they go after fucking
peaceful societies kids fucking and it
they were just they would go in and they
would pick up babies and smash them
against rocks and I mean everything is
detailed about how it really was but
and Cormac MacCarthy like to that guy
can fucking write goddamn that wasn't
that long ago now this was the 1860s
yeah that's really close yeah if you
think about the difference between life
now and then but again you know look at
what's going on with the cartels in
Mexico mm-hmm I mean there's giant
swaths of Mexico just totally controlled
by the cartels if you're a person who
lives in that town like yeah
shit out a lot no one's gonna almost
gonna come rescue you no one's gonna
help you now there's no government
there's no police right there yeah now
you want to talk about fucking heroic
people how about guys that will stay in
the local police and try to fight
against these cartels journalists in
Mexico that'll write about the cartels
you got it yeah that's a death sentence
how did you think about these immigrants
that are coming to this country it's
like you know there was a time where we
really did honor the idea that if you
were a refugee from a war-torn country
whose life was in danger
that would it was that was a reason to
get into this country and it's very it's
very hard for them to figure out at the
border who's who and who's telling what
story but you know you go to a lot of
places and you know El Salvador
Nicaragua I mean they are literally
fleeing for their lives when they leave
their towns yeah that's bright next door
yeah we got this weird idea that that's
far enough away I know I know it's real
weird yeah cuz it's in a lot of ways
it's like any disaster that can happen
you know you almost should have saw it
coming
yeah like almost every crazy disaster
look you almost should have saw it
coming like why why are they still
building houses that get torn apart by
hurricanes mm-hmm isn't it possible to
build a house it doesn't get torn apart
by heart you have it economically it's
not only wise it's like - it's too hard
when you see houses getting torn apart
by hurricanes like you get it it's a
resource issue but part of you is like
men as human beings like we know how to
make houses that survived hurricanes all
right don't we yeah it makes some
hurricane proof houses right
yeah why don't they like retrofit houses
for hurricanes I get it be super
expensive but when you see like the
amount of money that they have now with
this stimulus package I hate to say it
but it does bring forth a lot of the
ideas that people like Bernie Sanders
talk about where it's like you've got
all this money to help people when the
shit hits the fan right but why didn't
you have all this money to help people
like get out of a bad situation or why
didn't you have all this money to help
stimulate inner cities that are
economically depressed why does it have
to wait until the entire country is shut
down for a month that you realize like
we got to get these people some fucking
money look where's this money coming
from man all right
what are you doing with it it's almost
like on a micro level you can look at
your own family for a lot of people like
I know with me it's like I'm on the road
more than I probably want to be
sometimes because I'm always like I got
a kid in college I got to save money and
now that I'm not working at all for
possibly a long fucking time any
comedians we're gonna be one of the last
people back in the workforce because
it's gonna it's gonna demand that people
trust getting back into groups again I
refuse to let you call it the work force
us being kitchens carrying big funny
bone people were doing things they don't
want to do for money
you are the ones in the workforce and
thank you no but just in terms of money
I think about like I'm fine you know I
we're tightening up keeping it simple
and I'm realizing in a way as far as my
family goes never been happier with my
family never felt closer we're having
amazing memories we're having we do yoga
as a family every other night we have
dinners we take turns cooking it we did
fucking jigsaw puzzle it's amazing and I
wouldn't be doing that right now if
there wasn't a goddamn pandemic going on
that's that's true right it's like a
little bit of a reset in terms of the
time that you have and like what it's
what's worth what to you right what is
it what do you want do you want a bigger
house do you want more property do you
want more than
- or do you want more happiness yeah
because for a lot of people I keep
chasing more and more money but it's not
necessarily making you happier because
you're just doing it for the money it's
not like money that came along while
you're doing what you loved yeah and so
for a lot of us when you're chasing
things like why are you doing it hmm and
sometimes you stop or you forced to stop
like we're forced to stop and then you
go why am I just living on momentum that
I never assess whether or not it's smart
to be flying all the time and always
tired from it coming in on Sunday just
fucking exhausted all the time instead
of just waking up like now I'm just
waking up
I know it's my way or no jet lag yeah
you wake up and go Mike look I'm awake
it is so weird after 30 years of doing
stand-up to not fucking go out at all I
mean I've never gone I don't think I've
ever gone more than two or three weeks
without doing stand-up and really I
rarely rarely do less than four nights a
week yeah and to not do it at all now
for two weeks straight three weeks
straight what's this you've ever done
where you didn't do it before I would
say probably three to four weeks I
remember the first time I took a big
break I had knee surgery my ACL
reconstructed my left knee the first one
ever got and I was two weeks out like no
standard for two weeks then I finally
did it on crutches I'm like I am doing
fucking stand-up yeah I'm just I'm
getting up there
yeah with quit with crutches on it did
stand up I was like I'm not stopping
like this is ridiculous yeah two weeks
was too much I was freaking out because
I wasn't that good back then either so
two weeks it's like you know that's like
that was probably like 91 or something
like that that's like touch-and-go back
then man so how are you dealing with
this shift in the paradigm because for
us it's not just it's like we are
receiving accolades we are getting
positive energy thrown at us in the form
of laughter how are you dealing with
like your psyche and in in the loss of
that oh that's interesting that's an
interesting question doesn't seem to be
effect
to me at all I guess maybe because I've
been able to do the podcast still yeah
but also because I'm one of those people
that are very highly value recognizing
the reality of the moment and accepting
it I think it's very important very
important to not dwell and freak out
about things that you have zero control
mmm
this is clearly something we have zero
control over the whole world shut down
and I think in those opportunities
sometimes it gives you a moment to
reflect and go okay like how do I feel
about everything how am I you know what
what am i doing like if this if this
really is this temporary existence am i
doing it in the most pleasurable way the
most enjoyable way the most fulfilling
and loving way like how am I doing this
the right way am I just doing this the
way I've been doing it because I'm on
this momentum kick of you know you're
constantly doing more and constantly
bigger places and constantly traveling
and okay that's all fun no doubt about
it that stuff's fun but what's the right
balance right there's like there's a
health and enjoyment balance that you
have to recognize and family and
community balance to like we're all
forced to like hang out with each other
you know even if we're doing it like
social distance style we're kind of
forced to be around each other all the
time
mm-hmm it's good yeah it's good what we
were supposed to be that's how people
are supposed to live you're supposed to
live around each other all the time
support each other each other when
somebody's down like what can I do I
mean it's like one of the first impulses
a lot of people are feeling is alright
first and foremost take care of my own
yeah and then the second feeling which
is almost as strong as like who how can
I help out a community yeah our feeling
of community it's enhanced you know one
of the places that I always think of as
the loneliest places is apartment
buildings yeah ours feel like apartments
are really lonely which is a weird
feeling right to have when you're
looking at something that has thousands
of people living in one structure or
hundreds of people or whatever the
number might
but I remember living in apartment
buildings I never knew any of those
people I'm like hey what's up yeah this
company little door
you shut your cage you both yeah and you
hope nobody breaks in and takes your
things you know yeah apartments are
weird like you don't you don't get too
tight with people that you know live
next door especially if it's rentals
yeah if it's AK if it's a condo where
you own people start to go like all
right you're gonna be here for a while
we'll say hi
well Norton I think owns this place and
he was saying you know know anybody oh
really
maybe it's changed since the this
conversation that I had with him because
like because I live the fucking thousand
people I don't know any yeah and he's
got a fucking pool and it's never
invited me like how many times I like
kiddingly
I go like hey we should all come over on
Sunday you're like we'll be at the
cellar
hey we should all come over Sunday hang
out of your pool and he's always like
yeah his voice goes up my you can come
to his dungeon first of all who knows
Waltons and who knows what kind of
things fake feet crazy norm dick insert
at the bottom of it he's so hilarious I
saw him the other day in spider-man oh
no shit yeah I hate him and he stinks
something like that it was like it was a
quick a quick blurb where they're asking
him how he feels about spider-man
it was fucking hilarious dude his book
is called happy endings what's so
fucking funny he wrote two books
Jim Norton is a legit author yeah and I
was saying how do i conversation with
him about it there he is play it he got
booked his agent negotiated it they set
the car he got a trailer they put on
makeup they went through wardrobe tests
and then just he stinks that I don't
like him okay that's a wrap thanks for
coming in I bet that was maybe two takes
maybe they asked him to do it twice
he probably nailed it on the first one
and they'll be getting residuals for the
rest of his life he stinks I don't like
him
wasn't a bad movie man i watch that we
were watching a lot of movies dude okay
here's here's something
underrated massively underrated Adam
Sandler movies sure Adam Sandler movies
are ridiculously underrated yeah
ridiculously underrated you watching me
your daughter's dude they're hilarious
yeah he Adam Sandler has like I don't
know how many movies that are really
really funny but surprisingly funny like
like chuck and Larry
the one where he marries Kevin James for
for benefits I didn't see that one dude
it is hilarious yeah some rough moments
in it where you watching you go well you
could never do this and try it's one of
those moves like if somebody ever goes
back on it and look so like hey what the
fuck but ultimately in the end it was
like a really positive movie but dude
there are hilarious moments in that
movie where I'm like wow this is really
fucking funny
yeah kingpin how kingpins fucking great
no no's different movie no no but I'm
not no I'm just saying kingpin there's
another movie yeah that I wish I could
go back and watch again but it's a
little too rough for my kids yeah
rated R right but that's another one
like people can you can forget how
fucking funny that movie yeah I forgot
how funny those Adam Sandler movies are
though yeah I really did alright there's
a lot of a man waterboy is fucking
hilarious yeah it starts off you're like
oh is this gonna be good cuz you know
it's 20 years ago or whatever the fuck
it was well it's like I don't know do
people watch Laurel and Hardy back then
and go like oh this is fuckin did it all
get dismissed as being too silly it's
like no those guys now you know they
accomplished something
they provide style it's a style of movie
it's a absurdist ridiculous style of the
Zohan yeah it's a style of movie right
and he's so good at it man really funny
shit yeah but it's weird like people
have this idea about what is acceptable
funny and not acceptable funny and he
always got pushed into this category of
like you know if if critics would pan it
like if you look at a lot of them like
the Rotten Tomatoes like 14% 15% and
then the audience is like 97 yeah right
dude they're just missing what it is
yeah you can't want the Ramones
to be Pink Floyd mm-hmm you know Pink
Floyd has their own style and the
Ramones had a way more like rock n roll
high school it was a simpler it's a
different thing right it's a different
thing Yeah right
I'm sailing movies are their own thing
yeah the fucking hilarious man was like
five of them over the last week it kind
of goes into the genre of like Loren
Michaels has never given a shit about
critics you know and they weren't they
take sketches and characters from the
show that are funny and starting with
the first one must have been the Blues
Brothers or Animal House and they just
started spinning out fucking movies from
what they knew were were the kernels of
something that was very funny
they started there and so a lot of them
are you know even like it's pat like you
go back and watch the movies they're
fucking hilarious as long as you go in
with the right mindset Tommy Boy I
watched - oh yeah you know I never saw
Tommy Boy before yeah I'm like why
didn't I ever see this it's hilarious
yeah I mean it's Wharton's in that right
yeah Swartz it sports ins in all these
movies yeah he's into everything he's in
chuck and Larry he's like one of the
best parts of Chuck him Larry
yeah he's amazing Nick Swardson is
fucking hilarious he's really really
really funny yeah dude when he was like
when he first came to New York I can't
imagine he was more than 19 or 20 years
old and he was like hanging around with
you know all the comics and he was just
like already as funny as everybody else
he already had the confidence and just
like the knowledge about he's a really
fucking brilliant guy well he's just got
a style of comedy - that's his yeah you
know like his kind of punchlines it's it
just mat it's him you know he knows how
to do it and he understands how to put
diary in a punchline every one of these
Adam Sandler movies again so is Rob
Schneider at Rob Schneider's and every
one of them there's so many horror
movies where they culturally-appropriate
you're like oh my god yeah
rob schneider places like really really
stereotypical japanese guy he has
japanese eyes on like they did they put
makeup to change his eyes to you look
more like a japanese guy he's got a
crazy bowl haircut today it's hilarious
yeah but it's like why can't you do that
today like it's it's just a character
it's supposed to be over the top and
ridiculous yeah doesn't mean everyone in
the race is horrible it's just huh this
is an individual this guy chose to play
yeah but you I don't think you could do
it anymore
now it takes too much eat now you know I
just think about the other days like I
watched what was the show with that
black woman in it Madea no it's a TV
it's a TV series with a black woman
who's a British actress she sang at the
Oscars this year anyway
what are you she she's a kind of spare
time do you have do you want to know
always good there's an opera singer so
it was what kind of singing you know
like R&B but the point is she's a
British she's a British African you say
is there's african-american and there's
British British Africa British that I
don't know but she was portraying a an
American woman and you think but is that
cultural appropriation because she's not
an American black woman interesting ooh
that's a really interesting point
so can a British woman who's of African
descent playing in African American yeah
yeah that's a different thing
but I think there's a loophole there's a
cross pollination loophole how to do
that they both suffered yeah you're
allowed to do that you what you can't do
is blackface that you're just pretending
you're a black person from another
continent I mean you were sold off to
slavery you know in some European
continent as well Cynthia irvene oh yes
you made Harriet Tubman see yeah Cynthia
areevo and what was the TV she's amazing
ed that was so fucking the outsider dude
she's she's so good in the answer edible
because she plays an autistic person and
where are someone on the spectrum
yeah but she doesn't overplay it no she
nails very hard to play that not only
that she never breaks it's like super
consistent an entire time you you and
you you've almost like I don't want to
give away too much of that show cuz that
shows really good it's called the
outsider it's an HBO series a
supernatural scary spooky series but she
plays this savant character I don't give
too much of it away because he really
should see it it's it's pretty fucking
incredible but the the way she does it
it's like you buy eat like you're
thinking oh the way she thinks she's
probably thinking it this way like you
start thinking through her right right
she went yeah you see the character
navigate like certain perils and bad
situations you're kind of seeing it like
oh what is her response gonna be to this
cuz you know that you know she's playing
this character you're buying in right
she's got you fully sucked in yeah
someone does that sometimes like you're
you almost like you're thinking like
they are on the screen that's why like
when they kick someone's ass you get
excited cuz you almost feel like you're
kicking that yeah there's a phrase for
that in writing I think it's called did
the eyes in or something like that and
it's yeah that does happen right you
know there's movies where that like
thriller movies where that happens where
you don't know how someone's gonna
escape if if they can escape if you know
if someone's waiting for them some shits
about to go down you're like in that
person's head yeah in a lot of ways
right Silence of the Lambs yes
oh sure for sure that's a perfect
example yeah
when she when it's dark out when she
can't see and she's got the pistol and
she's trying to figure out where the
fuck this guy is yeah holy shit yeah
holy shit did that whoa the way they
shot that the way they shot that were
they you know you're convinced that
she's she's going one place and then the
FBI's going to another place and you're
convinced the FBI has got the killer and
they've got their guns drawn they storm
the house and in a cut and a quick cut
they go from them busting into the house
killers not in there
to right back to her and you suddenly
realize oh no she's about to walk in on
the killer that's one of the greatest
fucking moments in
movie history in movie history yeah dude
HBO's got a lot of good shit there's a
there's a series called my brilliant
friend it's an Italian it's a series of
Italian books this woman Elena Ferrante
wrote they were really good there's like
four or five of them and I read them all
and and then they made this series it's
one of the few times where it's been as
good as the books are and it's it's in
Italian it's subtitled but it's which
all sounds really fucking boring but
it's great
Wow and the woman who wrote the books
it's set in Naples and which I guess is
like a shitty part of Italy it's like
you know kind of the ghetto of Italy but
they speak dialect they call a dialect
instead of Italian so the writer wanted
it to be authentic so she only let them
hire actresses from Naples Italy
just fucking there's no acting community
there yeah I think it's a dialect of
Italian yeah because my grandmother
spoke it oh is that right yeah yeah I
said she was she was poor and they they
would speak it around the house too and
they would explained to me that this is
not sometimes it's not regular Italian
like some parts of my family knew it and
some parts of my family did not know
knowing right but it wasn't
straightforward Italian yeah there was
some weird shit in there right so she
wanted it spoken in dialect so so they
hired they found actors from this
fucking town and they are I'm telling
you the two lead actresses are they're
gonna win Emmys it's fucking they're
brilliant you know yeah they're just
folks from the town yeah were they
acting in their town were they doing I'm
not sure I'm sure they did some acting
because they they have chops but like
imagine they didn't yeah all actors just
stepped up to the plate from a bakery
yeah and knocked it out of the fucking
park well that's how it was with a lot
of like I think Scorsese would he knew
Italians from Little Italy from where he
grew up and he put some of these guys in
his movies and they were just like pussy
pussy big pussy what's his name
that Joey Diaz now
what's the guys the guys they who played
big pussy goddammit he wants the comedy
club in Vegas
does he really am I thinking of the
right guy you making up Italians you're
so racist this guy yes yeah
Salvatore it's our nothing wrong guys
not big pussy for the guy Vincent
Pastore who's together that was his
character so Vincent Pastore is the
actor but the guy the guy that ran is
amazing by the way that guys fucking
incredible
before The Sopranos he was running the
comedy club right way way way back in
the day and then you know who got him on
first drew Carey oh no shit yeah drew
Carey hooked him up yeah
so he'd never acted comes in and he's
fucking brilliant kill right yeah kills
it I mean literally has one of the
biggest roles in the soprano yeah
and nails it yeah and I'm telling you I
knew steve Schirripa
from back when he ran the Riviera in
Vegas I love him to death he's got an
amazing tomato sauce by the way I know
she organic Tomatoes yeah what is the
pull up the his Italian tomato sauce
it's he's got mary mara mara now he's
got our about to sauce that spicy spicy
sauce like if you get lobster Fra
Diavolo yeah that's it right there
uncle Steve's and I look at that
arrabiata I've never know how to say
that I only read it I never said I never
actually said beyond how do you say it
arrabiata and but whatever it's guys
it's tomato basil it's it's all organic
- it's really good stuff your
grandmother still alive no no my
grandmother dude my grandmother had a
stroke and they gave my grandfather they
said she's got about 72 hours to live
she laughs live 12 years 12 years after
an aneurysm and he thought he she had
three weeks there they did not think she
was gonna make it she made it for 12
years so the last 12 years of my
grandmother's life when I would go to
visit her she was immobile in a bed she
couldn't remember me no shit it was a
horrible dude do you think when when
your grandfather was told she had three
weeks left do you think he threw a moo
no I live with them when I first moved
to to the to New Jersey from Boston oh
that's right I first had when I remember
when I left Boston for New York I had
zero money and see I just stayed with my
grandparents in Newark and my
grandmother was in that state at the
time where she was bedridden and they
have help or was it just your
grandfather tell you it would have
helped dude of nurses would come over
and help as well
it was rough man Wow it was a sobering
reminder the the temporary nature of
life because I remember my grandmother
when I was little she was always this
powerful lady this powerful force yeah
you know I was yelling at my grandfather
and don't rush me don't rush me Joe oh
yeah father's name was Joe - uh-huh
don't rush me Joe I've talked about her
before how crazy she was in an amazing
way but my grandmother had a monkey
she a monkey no shit yeah chee-chee-chee
choose to open up gum peel open gum
sticker and smile to it but she she bit
some folks they had to get rid but Gigi
lived in the garage and the Attic rather
so when I would come over she would have
to put they'd have to put chichi away
just she didn't like kids ask you to get
to play with the mats being a kid and
knowing this a month must have been
torture for you know I scared that
little thing that little thing bits
somebody I can't remember if it bit my
sister or my cousin I can't remember cuz
we were real little at the time yeah you
know probably four or something like
that yeah I don't
cheechee bit some man and then they had
to put chichi away poor chichi I don't
know what they did with them she get in
the Attic the kids are coming off she
might've gave chichi away my grandmother
was the real deal though she made like
homemade pasta that she has ain't like
the whole thing with dodo flower sauce
there was not a goddamn thing that was
was not made by haha yeah well you grew
up in Italy well she was born in Italy
but mostly grew up in Italian
neighborhoods in New Jersey right and
that's where they that's where the
we live when I came to visit them so
people don't realize like you go to an
Italian restaurant in LA it's like
there's some really good ones but it's
just you can go to a fucking you got a
route 7 in New Jersey and just find a
little Angelina's fucking restaurant and
it'll be the best Italian food you've
ever had yeah you can get some
ridiculous Italian American food that's
what's interesting it's like it's a
different style of cooking even than
Italian Italian food mmm you know and
when you go to Italy things are it's
just the a lot of the things we
associate with Italian food like the
marinara sauce and the meatballs and
that kind of stuff that was more made
popular over here like that style of
Italian food like lasagnas and shit like
that that we consider like Italian food
a lot of that was like made popular over
here when you go over there things are
more elegant you know have any like
linguini with clams and it's a perfect
presentation yeah you're going to these
nice restaurants and even the pizza
seems different over there you know but
Italian Americans it was a different
breed because it was the the psychos
that wanted to get on boats the same
with Irish Americans they're the people
that were willing to get on a boat yeah
and drift across the ocean man yeah you
know we don't want to go on a fucking
Cruise Line right now yeah right you
don't want to go on a cruise yeah no
there's a boat my grandfather was one of
13 kids 12 of them came over one at a
time the family lived in a fucking three
room hot
and every time they somehow could get
enough money together they'd take one of
the kids when they were like 14 put him
on a boat in steerage sent him to
America they had like fucking third
cousins in Montana they had nothing they
were coming in to Ellis Island with
nothing no like a dress no fucking
iPhone giving you directions on how to
get out to Brooklyn and they just kept
showing up one by one and they all made
it every one of them made it over here
it's incredible it's insane when you
think about how bad life must sucked now
in in Italy and in Ireland at the time
and in England as well that people are
willing to just hop on a boat and take a
risk yep
no video no photograph
you know that there's no photographs
until like the late 1800s so a lot of
these people they're just guessing we'll
be able to came over here the 1700s the
1800s just guessing yeah just guessing
what's over there
well you got a drawing for me so I can
risk my life and my baby can show me a
drawing this is a mango forest yeah all
the mangoes you want all right across
the fucking ocean while we're drunk
let's kill a few people along the way
not only what disease isn't gonna be
there when you get there bro there were
all diseases yeah you know that was one
of the things that dr. Peter Hotez
was on the podcast yesterday was
explaining quarantine and he was saying
that essentially like when a boat would
come into a harbor the word quarantine
came from 40 days they had to leave
these people on the boat for 40 days to
make sure the rent and to make sure they
weren't infected with the plague so
that's how they handled it back then
yeah yeah this is uh this is nothing new
people but back then they didn't even
know when the plagues were coming or
what it was or how to avoid it or what
are those symptoms yeah there's no
vaccines there was no vaccines imagine
no vaccines for fuckin smallpox mmm
imagine that like it's just gonna storm
through and disfigure everybody sorry
yeah you know what they used to do is
they would go around with a corpse of
somebody that died from smallpox and
they would in they would inject you with
it with a little some cells from the
corpse they would go door to door with a
wagon with a corpse in the back of it
and they would give you injections no
yeah how many people did that give
smallpox do I don't know but I guess if
you give a small amount at what they
realize that it worked as a vaccine a
vaccine if you gave a very small amount
yeah really yeah did it was that
effective
I imagine some people died from it if it
wasn't done right and we have to figure
that out
yes that's fascinating see if we can
find Jamie's the fastest one-handed
Googler on planet earth we're not gonna
say
he's jerking off in the tub so this
would be I typed in injections with
corpses nothing quite came up right away
like on wagons you said or something
like that good yeah I remember watching
HBO did this special about John Adams
and in Boston and there was a scene from
it where they were going through town
with a wagon with a corpse in it
shooting people when did when was the
when does the first vaccine what mom was
that I don't know if you had a guess
like what was the polio vaccine what
year was that
that's not the first one but that's the
most like who knows a guy who made a
vaccine more than anyone knows Jonas
Salk smallpox was the first one yeah
really first vaccine and what year was
it 1796 holy shit they had a vaccine in
1796 so that must be exactly what it was
yeah what did they know in 1796 dude you
imagine getting your leg broken back
then fuck yeah the odds that you had a
doctor that knew what they were doing
there was no good medical schools in
1796 and like you read about guys
getting their medical degrees in like a
year you know it's always like John
Hancock yeah he had a medical degree at
a law degree by the time he was 21 years
old my lawyer sucks
bleeding try to stop the blood from all
he can out get a rag to whenever I think
about old-school doctors I think about
the scene in the Wolfman with Benicio
del Toro where they're running exams on
them and one of those medical theaters
yeah you know they used to have medical
theaters where people would sit in the
stands and look down and watch people
perform operations oh yeah so students
could just sit there people could just
sit there and watch it was like a
theater all right coughing how fucking
weird is that yeah I mean the the
Wolfman movies
that's when Benicio del Toro becomes the
Wolfman in front of all these people
they've got them all strapped in but the
the people that are in that audience
they're just Gawker's
yeah just sitting there watching some
guys saw some dudes leg off ah they got
a biting down on leather and shit hey
what would you pay to do that though
shit Matt audience Jesus Christ I don't
want to see that you'd be so freaked out
but I mean people go to see horror
movies they want to get freaked out
that's not real it's like part of what's
fun about horror movies is it's not real
violence yeah you know I had a
conversation with about that with Hugo
Martin he's a the creative director for
Doom there's which is doom eternal is a
new video game and in the video game the
doom tour first of all looks insane it
looks so good
but the gore is so over the top like
you're ripping people's heads off and
blood spraying they're all like zombie
people yeah feel like cutting them in
half of the chainsaw like crazy shit
blowing him up and he was like cuz it's
so so over the top that's it's
cartoonish yeah it's less disturbing
than like if it was more realistic right
right okay I'm just like arguing it a
little bit but I've been thinking about
it a lot like whether or not that makes
any sense
like it's one of those that's why I talk
in my head yeah it's like Tarantino
movies like you know in that scene where
they they have that sword fight in that
Chinese restaurant which one's Kill Bill
and Kill Bill went and oh my Thurman is
just fuckin slaying and this there's
like four inches of blood on the floor
when she's done cuz it's a comic book so
it doesn't after a while you're kind of
laughing dude his movies are so hyper
violent yeah I forgot when we were
talking recently about Once Upon a Time
in Hollywood the scene in the end when
you know people are just getting smashed
yeah
whoa you forgot yeah got like some of
the scenes of that guys put in movies
right but is that less disturbing
somehow than something that's like more
realistic violence I don't know like is
that more disturbing here's a perfect
example then Silence of the Lambs
the sounds of lamb that scene with Jodie
Foster in the end was so realistic yeah
like you really felt trapped with
like fuck like something real but did
you feel like that when you're watching
once upon a time in Hollywood no you're
watching spectacle right like you
enjoyed it it was great it was a great
movie but it was like spectacle more
than I have genuine anxiety because I'm
worried what's gonna happen to her right
yeah there's a movie called wait until
dark that was made back in like the 60s
and it was uh no violence
nobody gets even slapped in the face and
it's the scariest movie you've ever
watched in your life
it's about this blind woman and she's
going through customs and somebody
somebody like sticks heroin in her
luggage so she brings it home and now
they got to go and get the heroin from
her and so they she's blind she lives
alone and so they sneak into her
apartment and it's all about her trying
to defend herself and so she she turns
off all her she smashes all their light
bulbs so she's on even footing with them
so they're trying to find her in the
dark and it's like it's fucking amazing
if you're the correct wait until dark
yeah I found I couldn't find like
verbage of it but I actually found the
scene from the John Adams yeah where
they showing I I guess this would be a
interpretation of what inoculation was
like oh it's not a corpse he's still
alive so they scrape some pus off of him
and then they injected into people Jesus
Christ Jamie a little horror arm oh my
god YouTube I'm not showing this just
look up smallpox inoculation John Adams
HBO it's goddamn crazy yeah you know
that's interesting that I used to do it
because was it a pole the polio vaccine
was one of the vaccines were you got a
big scar from it I actually have a scar
oh the shoulder it's like looks like
sort of a slice ya know
yeah yeah I had it from the time I was a
baby
yeah that's what it looked like yeah
like a little slice staff yeah that was
from a vaccine that I got when I guess I
was a baby I think it was a polio
vaccine or was it smallpox that a
smallpox
well I typed in polio but whatever it
was sooner also hopefully we're gonna
have a mark from a fucking Barcelona
virus vaccine they say a year to a year
and a half yeah stop yeah whatever is
stopping people from funding medical
research I hope they open up the
floodgates now Yeah right I hope they
realize like hey you need more of these
guys and they need a lot more money and
they need to be way ahead of this shit
well yeah because this is one pandemic
there are a most multiple different
scenarios of how this happens again
sure well there was another guy that
died recently on a bus that they
identified as having a completely
different corona virus in China but he
got a virus that specifically hasn't
jumped from human to human it's only
jumped from rats to humans and the way
it jumps from rats to humans is by
ingesting animal feces or animal urine
yeah you know animal fluids right so
this guy somehow or another got some
live bat fluid in his body in and was
dying on this bus and they pulled a guy
off and he test positive for a totally
different corona virus it's killing him
what do you think would happen I command
some guy gets Corona and he's got it
fucking bad systems are shutting down
this is it he's gonna die
and he wants to have sex again but he
doesn't want to get anybody sick so he
fucks his dogs oh my god and then like
all the symptoms go away and he realizes
like he's found the cure and now he has
this moral obligation like does he call
the CDC and say hey I'm kind of
embarrassed to tell you guys this but I
think I cracked it and what if it's only
his dog but if everybody has to come to
his house and fuck his dog we tried
fucking a bunch of different dogs this
there's no way to recreate this thing
we fuck Marty Marty but I fuck Marty no
we're all gonna have to fuck Marty
there's a train of people everyday
outside trying to try to breed Marty
citroen puppies they try to do
calculations on how many pumps it takes
to cure you yeah you can't let people
pump too many times more Marty needs a
break
does it help uh people loves you put
peanut butter on my deck see what
happens no no no everybody's like the
pounds are empty everybody fucking dogs
oh my god biology is so weird man
I wouldn't that wouldn't even be that
shocking that's the way a disease gets
cured you have two fucking animal yeah
how's that any weirder than some of this
shit that's real how's it any weirder
than some of these parasites that ever
seen those videos of frogs that have the
parasites in their eyeballs and they're
swimming around their eyeballs no no
show
creepy man really yeah they're getting
eaten from the inside out these
parasites that are in their eyeballs
this poor frog sitting there Britta
ridet and these these worms are
squirreling all around like visibly
under its eyeballs yeah fuck dude my
brother-in-law he's a cinematographer he
shoots nature stuff so he goes like deep
into the Amazon he shot he shot the
first live I want to say Rhino or
hippopotamus birth ever found that poor
frog holy shit dude nature doesn't give
a fuck
nature's just going to war 24/7 finding
new ways to fuck up animals testing
their systems dam breaking through and
establishing dominance inside this poor
fucking creatures eyeball Wow bro please
so my brother-in-law was in he was in
the Amazon he was shooting I think it
was a first live hippo or a rhino birth
and he comes back and he's visit us out
in California he's got this he's got
this bump on his arm and it's got a red
line running up his arm which means
there's some kind of a bad infection
right so they shoot him up full of
antibiotics they say you'll be fine so
he's driving up the
up the PCH going up to Malibu with his
family and he's poking at it and he's
trying to pop it like a zit and all
sudden the thing just fucking explodes
and this being this creature fucking
flies out of him and lands on the floor
of the car and is like looking around
it's like little creature and the kids
are fucking dog and he's like he's like
it fucking jumped out of me and like
they're freaking out and they they
brought it to the tropical disease
spread they brought it to he went to the
hospital say what the fuck is this they
sent it to the tropical disease
specialist and they found out it was a
bat fly larvae yeah come on play that
look at that that supers it there's a
there's a crazy Netflix documentary on
rats that is a rat that's infected with
a botfly and it's like you know 20% of
its neck yeah the thing is this enormous
huge fuckin oh god they're extracting it
whoa look at that yeah and it's got a
little head how weird man that little
fucker was living inside that guy's body
yeah and so they come out so look at
that man well that they think can't look
around though it flies out doesn't it
just come out of a river like that maybe
it's cuz he was squeezing it did it flew
away but it shot it shot out when does
it become a botfly
like it's a larva it so it looks like it
buries itself into the ground and then
becomes that without the kemaman how's
it any different than a monster alright
look at that it's just little it's a
monster it's a whole insect world is
those scariest horror movie that's ever
existed the scariest monster movie ever
is the whole insect world we are so
lucky that like spiders black widows and
tarantulas we're so lucky that they're
little yes so lucky so the radiation
starts dude we would have no chain
yeah you imagine if praying mantises or
the size of horses just running around
snatching people or other Priuses yeah
tipping over the fucking car and pulling
the people out of the back seats we'd
all be armed you'd have all kinds of
firearms you would have to have a really
high caliber rifle to penetrate the
exterior shell of a man as if it was a
scale and you probably would even hurt
it that much
oh they're extracting it look at this yo
and look at how they have to do it kind
of slowly they have to slowly ease it
out oh my God look at the size of that
thing that's in this person's calf
that's the thing about like being in the
jungle is forget about the fucking
Tigers and the Panthers how about the
botflies I'm not just live that dirty
hippie that's that's getting this
treatment they have those wrist wrist
bracelets he's playing a second-line me
no look at the bracelets you almost
deserve a botfly if you wear those
bracelets there's more than one by five
Jesus Christ look at the size of this
fucking thing look at the size this is
the second one in this hole what the
fuck man that's so insane that's so
insane Wow that's gross we used to go
out when I was a teenager we used to go
to this golf course and we would we
would look for golf balls in the woods
and then we would sell them back to the
Pro Shop for like 50 cents a ball and
and then we realized like the ponds
everybody was hitting their fucking
balls into the lakes and the ponds and
so we would go we go in bathing suits
and you would step and it would go like
up to your knees in silt just mud and he
would feel around with your feet for the
balls and you'd reach down and pull him
up and you could get dozens of balls
just
walking around and then we get out and
we'd have fucking leeches all over our
calves and we would just take alcohol
put it on and yank him off and you're
teenagers you don't give a shit just
fuckin no problem well if we get a leech
no not been lucky I've never been bit by
a dangerous snake I've had some spider
bites but never by like a black widow or
anything like that yeah I've seen a lot
of snakes though Matt while snakes are
freaky Brendan Schaub just found one on
the hike he sent me a picture in a video
of this fucking thing oh yeah huge
rattlesnake on a hike Wow
like what what is that man yeah look at
that thing that's just hanging around
that can kill you yeah how about the big
ones now in the Florida Everglades those
pythons pythons well this is how dumb we
are in California those things are
valuable okay they're an invasive
species that's destroying you want to
talk about the destruction of an
ecosystem the way pythons have decimated
life in the Everglades it's kind of like
a little bit of an open secret like all
the biologists are aware of it they've
done these studies on deer and all these
different mammals and all these
different things and the populations are
ridiculously reduced like almost down to
nothing you don't find raccoons anymore
you don't find a lot of the animals that
used to find in the Everglades anymore
and they also eat alligators so what do
we do in California you can't buy Python
because Python is an exotic species we
don't encourage people to use that as a
skin that is a deer and raccoon and
squirrel eating demon from another
continent yeah and it lives in Florida
and if you made it valuable you fucking
knuckleheads people would go in there
and kill those fucking things and bring
the natural ecosystem back in the back
why aren't they killing them because
they're assholes first of all because
you can't even sell them in California
too because it's hard it should be
valuable
they should be valuable it should be
something that we look if you leave them
there you're saying fuck all these other
animals
let's let this demon snake that's
suppose to exist on another continent
and there's no natural enemies here
let's let that thing just wander through
the fucking swamps and kill everything
in its path let's just do that but like
or sell it but I'm not a hunter but I
would think if you're a hunter wouldn't
it feel noble to actually go and help
the Everglades
it's dangerous though that's dangerous
like that's not just regular hunting
you're hunting monsters you know you're
an alligator country yeah one of my
favorite alligator stories is a guy was
running from the cops he's had a stolen
car parked cars see the stolen car or
high-speed chase whatever it was parks
the car in a bridge jumps in the water
immediately gets eaten by an alligator
the water right on a fucking alligator
alligator jump in and swim to save this
fucking 16 footer just dude there's a
Twitter account called Florida man and
it's a base isn't it fucking great
that's the Florida man story right there
it is a Florida man story do they you
know they're they're real when I was a
kid
hunters put the squeeze on 80 snakes and
floor with his Python bowl all they got
a Python bowl like done in January says
two hundred seven hundred and fifty
people from 20 states turned up Wow they
only got 80 of them in 10 days but 10
days the only caught 80 of them so one
in 10 guys yeah but look at the size of
these things that they're killing
matters look at the fucking size of them
they're all they're enormous and those
things are in I don't even know if
they're killing them it looks like they
still have a live but these things are
they're eating everything they can find
and they have no natural enemies and
they're just spreading through that
ecosystem
the idea that that should be illegal to
make a purse out of but you can can you
make a purse out of a cow like why is
that right how come what's going on
there like why do you think that that is
more valuable than a cow like and it's
beautiful it is beautiful but what this
is a this is an invasive species like
you're supposed to be killing them yeah
here you are you have to put like a
human put that thing there it's not
supposed to be there and humans have to
extract it because it's destroying
everything
that has crazy consequences that they
never know 10 20 years down the line
what's gonna be like after these pythons
just completely ruined the entire part
of the country what are they gonna do
this those things are those are people
eaters yeah you can eat people oh yeah
definitely kids think it's so big man
when you see that picture of the one
that had the alligator that it was eaten
that it yet through its body yeah
imagine what kind of a thing eats an
alligator and eats it all in one piece
right now imagine that someone says you
shouldn't kill those to make purses out
of them no yeah you can actually you
should they're monsters you should kill
them yeah those are monsters well you
shouldn't kill all of them but they
don't belong here like killing
rattlesnakes is a terrible idea because
rattlesnakes have a really important
place in the ecosystem she'd only kill a
rattlesnake if it's on your property
it's threatening you and if you know you
feel like you need to defend yourself
but going out into the woods where the
Rauh snakes live look at this thing Oh
oh my God look at it eating this is
we're watching a Python eating an
alligator it's fucking bananas
it just dislocates its jaw and this
thing's still alive so there's poor
little alligators trying to figure out
what the fuck is happening and this and
its breathing and this Python is slowly
swallowing it whole now imagine what it
would do to your little Timmy yeah
imagine if that think trapped your son
if your son son was out there fishing
and almost his friends ran away because
they were terrified cuz a 20 foot long
snake is eating their friend
well we better not make a bag out of it
we better not because pythons are
beautiful and we're not speciesists look
at it seat in the back feet it's all the
way down to the back feet stuffing it
into its mouth that's the top three
worst way to die bro you're still alive
for a long-ass time you get digested
yeah you just get smothered and digested
fuck all that oh yes the teeth man look
at those bottom teeth fuck you look at
those things
imagine that biting you and pulling you
leg fur
into its fucking mouth goddamnit we
better not turn them into wallets
because that's just wrong
you should 100% turn them into wallets
100% not only that you're gonna have to
kill them and mego if you don't turn
them into wallets what are you do with
the skin because yeah you gotta kill
them and at least the wallets are worth
something at least the clothing is worth
something
yeah at least let people make things out
of their skin don't let their whole body
go to waste just for your ideology
that's a thing but it's a thing that's
not supposed to be there and that's why
it's destroying everything I wonder if
there meets any good how giant pythons
wall swallowed an Indonesian woman yeah
they are small though fuck swallowed her
a picture but bro swallowed her what
happened to the woman she was 54 years
old she went missing last Thursday while
checking on her vegetable garden on muna
Island in Sulawesi is a Hainan Province
a huge search was mounted by local
police her sandals and machete were
found a day later a giant Python with a
bloated belly was lying about 30 meters
away who residents were suspicious that
the snake swallowed the victim so they
killed it they carried out of the garden
gruesome footage has been circulating on
social media and Indonesia showing the
woman's body being recovered intact in
front of a large crowd fuck that and
people like will this shouldn't be made
in diss shoes yeah you should make them
in the shoes that's what you're supposed
to do when they eat people you fucking
idiots is it just California that made
it illegal I don't know there's certain
companies that are reacting to this push
against what they call exotics like
crocodile and alligator and Python
things like that and so certain
companies are no longer making things
with exotics to sort of bend to
political pressure or pressure by you
know air quotes activists
yeah but really it's monster skin okay
you got monster skin let's make monsters
King clothes cut the shit all right I'm
not saying she kill them all
you definitely shouldn't kill them all
but the idea you shouldn't kill most of
the fucking snakes that are invasive
species in Florida and sell them and
make purses out of them why did how bad
would it
Python Jacobi yeah a nice big collar
yeah I bet you can get one probably up
to go to some Bolly or some shit you go
somewhere sneaky yeah you'd be the king
walk on stage Python everything
everything Python from the 70s
Gators that's what uh like dudes that
wanted like really fancy shoes they
wanted Gators they wanted alligator skin
shoes if you wanted a real nice pair of
shoes lets people know you're steppin
out on the tag
look at these Gators son yeah that was a
big thing fuckin guineas we always talk
about their Gators because they're
dangerous they meanwhile I'm walk around
with a cow yeah the fucking easiest
animal to kill so easy to stand there
made him to kill turned him into
something do you know they go feral too
when they go fairly become a completely
different thing oh yeah yeah they they
go Pharoah all throughout Australia and
there's other places they go feral too
but they they calm scrub bulls and think
about how aggressive bulls are right
like that's why it's fun to ride them
people like to grab ahold of them cuz
he's fuckin going crazy trying to smash
you the Bulls are very very aggressive
well they ain't shit compared to these
wild poles the wild bulls are those
Bulls on meth because they're out in the
wild yeah never been controlled and
never been in a cage and if they see
people they'll run at you 30 miles an
hour and Gore you and Terry knows yeah
oh yeah there's some of the most
dangerous animals in the bush in
Australia is these things called scrub
bulls my friend Adam Greentree who
killed that up that's an Asian water
buffalo he killed that in Australia
those are also invasive all throughout
Australia these fucking they brought in
these Asian water buffalo and they just
destroy an entire
swathes of land and they go up to the
north country and they have to they have
to shoot them they have to kill them
there's no natural predators there once
they get past the crocodiles like
nothing can fuck with them but they have
these but they're nothing compared to
the Bulls they're like domestic cows
that are wild feral bull he said they're
the most aggressive motherfuckers in
in the bush like way more aggressive
than these Asiatic water buffalo mm-hmm
and you know you think of them you think
oh it's like it's gonna look like a bull
mile but even look weird they have like
different antler or different horns the
horns come out like bigger and wider
they have interesting colorations and
not all black they're like a bunch of
different cool weird colors Wow yeah
they look like almost like dogs and a
lot of what you like patches like a
patch of brown a patch of white
weird-looking that should be the next
show is like like Anthony Bourdain but
you go to places with invasive animals
kill them cook them eat them wear them
that's your next show man no I'm not
gonna do that but it's good yeah it's a
good idea but I don't have the time for
that plus I'm not shooting anything
dangerous I'm not going in these
dangerous places and hunting dangerous
things yeah fuck all that right these
scrub bull
see if you can get an image there
they're freaky looking man
they look like bulls kinda but Bulls
that like our wild like sort of Tarzan
look like a human yeah right
but he didn't right he's all jacked and
you had a loincloth on bare chested and
fucked up here he lookin a wild human
yeah this one looks fake almost but I
can't no no I want to see dead ones yeah
the dead ones you get a better look at
them scrub Bowl yeah I like that right
there
right yeah like that look look at that
dang what is that that's a bull that's
and then the one below it Jaime is even
weirder like look at that with the white
with the black the white patches on the
black skin they're weird and look at the
the shape of the antler so the horns
rather see how wide spritzy that's a
whoa that's uh I think that might even
be Adam but like that's a scrub bowl
like that picture that that got with
that guy's holding up so that's what
they look like so that thing will just
charge you charge you that's a perfect
image of one look at that thing that
kind of looks like a bowl kind of not
right yeah and they're super muscular
and really really fucking aggressive and
they used to at one point in time be
domestic you know who knows how many
years ago and they eventually got out
and formed their own little pack got
together I guess heard I guess he would
call them herd
together did a lot of fucking and made a
bunch of other wild cows and look at
that one in the lower left-hand corner
Jamie the dead one on the ground look at
that thing yeah how weird is that like
that kinda looks like a cow but not
really right a chi looks like a bull
let's go like a moose shaped face yeah
exactly
but kind of looks like a domestic bull
but not really you would say what is
that some African animal or something
like that animals are weird when they
get free then you see their true nature
there's a lot of animals that we keep in
pens and we keep them captive and we
don't really understand what the fuck
they are we only understand what the
domestic version of that animal is when
those animals are forced to find their
own food they become a different thing
yeah a chickens are a good example that
I didn't I had no idea how savage
chickens were until I got my own I was
like look at these fucking monsters when
you when you would see chickens with a
mouse its
it was stunning I could seen it a couple
of times one time I caught a mouse and I
threw it in there they fuck this mouse
up and one one of them got it and ran
with it and they all chased her around
so she's got it in her mouth and she's
running and they're all chasing her
trying to pull it out of her mouth I
didn't even know they were carnivores
dude they're ferocious no she chickens
are so ferocious well I have never seen
anything I mean I guess a dog would
gobble something up pretty quick but
I've never seen anything attack as
lustfully at meat as a chicken like cats
aren't that lustful if you give a cat
something they kind of didn't like yeah
and they eat it right you know a dog
they want to eat it quick
chickens are like twice as fast as dogs
here's a perfect example this is a mouse
and this mouse is being chased by this
cat and the the chicken is watching this
cat fuck around with this mouse and the
chicken decides to step in and fuck this
mouse up look at this so the cats like
oh I'm just gonna play with my food and
chickens like bitch let me show you what
the fuck is up look it just starts
tearing it apart
and the chicken is not interested in
anything other than eating that mouse
yeah the chickens not there for a game
chicken is there to kill and eat it's a
dinosaur man it's a different kind of
life-form than a cat you know cats cats
are like chill with each other they purr
they're more complicated you know yeah
they'd like you to come up to the rub
against you look even like the tiger
King guy like you pet some of them cats
yeah fucking fight you ain't never
petting a chicken bitch that chicken
doesn't give a fuck about you
round one chickens in a rat it's a
squirrel
that's a ground squirrel is that too big
rat is that a rat it is right so they
fucking hate that where they're on a
vegetarian diet that might be a ground
squirrel man
it says ninja rat oh that's a rat
Wow so these chickens are trying to
decide whether the juice is worth the
squeeze
see they're moving in close but they're
looking for other stuff and white hmm I
think I could fuck that dude up look
he's like trying to play coy like he
doesn't really eat that rat all right
move a little closer it's getting a
little grass a little closer man I think
I can eat that thing hmm
look don't find nothing in this fucking
grass what that dude is right there I'm
just gonna ease up just you know hey
just come over here looking for worms
just like you just two hunters out there
so let's see some of that in slow motion
oh the rat launched itself oh look at
that first strike the rat said okay I'm
gonna start this party the rat just
jumped at the chicken well if a rat
jumped at me I'd feel the same way and
I'm way bigger than a chicken right if a
rat jump to you let's get out of here
you know do you think toxo would let the
rat fuck with chickens - the same way it
does with cats cuz it's a cat maybe
arrived right gonna bring their piss I
mean look at him launching himself in
the air though unless he's defending
himself and family maybe yeah wait for
me well I think they feel that way about
any bird
well that is pretty badass yeah that
used to get up there fast if you're a
bird you know and in a rat sees you like
you're a mortal enemy yeah for sure
like the big ones for sure I see a lot
of hawks man you see a lot of Hawks in
the valley you know and I never have the
patience to sit and watch one and hope
he gets something but uh my director
director on Newsradio Tom sharona's was
sitting in his backyard and like I think
he was in Studio City and I was back
porch he watched it Dov gets snatched by
a hawk oh yeah yeah so the Dove was just
sitting there on this fence and this
hawk came along Wow yeah right in front
of him yeah we had a we had a hawk
smashed into our sliding glass door
going I don't know what he went after
but he came in fast and slammed into it
took off yeah we killed a couple of them
accidentally that way a couple of them
right we have changed our back fence
from it was like metal bars to glass and
it wiped out like three hawks oh no shit
at least when they fucking nose dive
right into it no it was a bummer yeah
yeah birds will fly into your window all
the times that happen to your house yeah
and you hear that thunk like oh shit and
go out and see some bird I saw this
little kind of Sparrow looking bird and
he was staying
he was standing like against the side
window of a car and he kept launching
himself at this sideview mirror again
and again he just kept attacking his own
image Wow not picking up on it there was
a little bit of a hawk war that went on
in my backyard oh really yeah yeah well
I think what happened is when we put up
the fence the glass fence one Hawk
slammed into it that Hawk might have
been running shit that might have been
like one of the top Hawks of the
community because then there was a bunch
of young Hawks that were hanging around
they were getting really cocky and they
were like flying on top of the chicken
coop you'd have to chase him off like
what the fuck are you guys doing
yeah like acting different they were
like bold it was swooping low they're
acting like young punks right and then I
started finding them dead
headless really yeah yeah yeah where one
other animal perhaps an owl was jacking
these little country young Hawks and and
biting their head off
damn leaving their body yeah we found at
least two of them I remember I remember
correctly I think was like we we got at
least two Hawks rehabbed one of them we
brought to a wildlife shelter and they
actually were able to release it back at
the wild again after it mended up but it
was another one that got Kayode flying
into the fence and one of them that we
kept for a weekend and fed it this was a
big thing in the house because they were
feeding them mice okay so we had this
Hawk and we'd go to the pet store
there's a pet store that sells exotic
pets and they have these things called
pinkies they're basically baby mice and
this is what they said you have to feed
the hawk before we can get it to this
wildlife thing that wasn't open till
Monday so they're feeding them these
little tiny baby mice because they want
this poor Hawk to be better so this
demon is eating babies in my house okay
[Music]
okay and then they get to the end it
gets to the end it's Sunday the the
demon stopped eating babies it left one
baby alive so we took this one baby
mouse and then the girls are like well
we want to keep it as a pet I go what I
go you just this thing's slaughtered ten
of them yeah this thing just ate I don't
know how many of it but it just ate its
brothers and sisters you like this one
I'll spare ya I'll spare you I'll spare
you and I'll bring in it see is that an
owl eating a Hawks head yeah see I guess
that's Al's move when owls kill a hawk
look at this they just eat their fucking
head dude taking this Scout yeah and
they leave their headless body Wow
that's how bad ass owls are look at that
just standing over the dude imagine if
you did that to a guy and you were
holding him down with your feet and with
your hands you just pulled his head off
with your teeth and just chewed through
the side of his neck you're holding on
to his head and that's sitting on some
guy's roof that's just uh in your
neighborhood look there's a fence cuz
it's kind of even
oh yeah no big deal that's awesome
just one demon killing another demon and
that's the one we associate with wisdom
ah give a hoot don't pollute he's the
one who's telling you how many licks it
takes to go meanwhile oh yeah he's out
there eating the hawk heads yeah look at
that man
we had a crow he got these fucking huge
crows and in the driveway there was I
came home and there was a possum a baby
possum on the driveway he was near dead
and there was this giant fucking black
crow and he was pecking at the at the
possum so like I don't know what human
instinct made me jump in there and break
it up and so like I'm chasing the the
the crow away and then I tell my son and
go get a shoebox inside so I can scoop
up the the possum and the crow is not
having it he's like that's my fucking
possum dude and so he keeps coming at me
and I'm like staving off a crow who's
like coming at me and then swooping away
dive-bombing you he's dive-bomb to have
a weapon now my fists and my few swing
at him now
I don't know if you would hurt a bird it
was coming at you I feel like there's a
weight behind them you would just knock
them into the air
yeah I don't think I think they're so
light I think it'd be hard to hurt them
you know I mean yeah like if a bird was
swooping at you and you hit it I don't
know if it would hurt it that much yeah
I think we just bounced off right cuz
they're waiting right I mean I'm just
guessing I think if you kicked a turkey
in the head you could fuck it up you
know only if it's Thanksgiving now if
you only around the holidays gave like a
Muay Thai fighter
kick and you kicked a Turkey's neck yeah
you fucked that turkey up you know yeah
Birds have an advantage man they're like
a fat they're like a lightweight
sir just fucking they're done yes yeah
the dinosaurs man we were reading about
this eagle that used to live in New
Zealand before the people wiped it out
it was called a haast eagle and they
think that people might have walked it
wiped it out because it was probably
eating them uh-huh this thing weighed 25
pounds Wow
I think the biggest it got was like H a
a st eagle and they they believe it was
brought to extinction one of the
theories is by human beings because they
think that it was probably a dangerous
animal fucking huge eagle yeah huge Wow
your cousin gets eaten by an eagle how
big do those things get I think they had
something like a 7-foot wingspan yeah
this is up to three meter wingspan three
meters is that the biggest said bit that
bait is that the biggest animal that has
flight that's a good question
imagine the pterodactyl days what in the
fuck was that like yeah giant flying
lizard chats fellow carnivores yep
fuck that you imagine there it is whoa
the largest ever what that sounds like
quetzel quota which is the that's that
that Aztec god qu etz alc o8 t lu s
Quetzalcoatlus Quetzalcoatl was that
that flying God of the Aztecs he just go
back up to that I was reading that top
part there yeah
a pterodactyl Petrus or from the Late
Cretaceous of North America largest
known flying animal to have ever lived
so that is like probably they probably
named it after crustal quatl which was
the see if you find that word
Quetzalcoatl because I think that's what
that was it was an Aztec god that was
like a bird wingspan of 36 feet Jesus
Jesus Christ what the fuck thats a plane
now see this is a god the feathered
serpent a name for the feathered serpent
deity of the hms
Dameon Mesoamerican culture I wonder if
there was ever a time were human beings
and that Petrus or thing coincided when
was that Petrus or when did that thing
go extinct that Quetzalcoatl us you
imagine if there was a Newman you know
Neanderthals or whatever Australia
Pittacus and you're looking up you see a
35-foot bird fuck you man
fuck you fuck you were discovered in
Texas that's the same course right area
of course Texans before the Comanches
they had giant flying dinosaurs just
whatever would Late Cretaceous I don't
know what's that when does that at 10
million years what does that think it
says 100 266 oh so that's way before
even the Yucatan impact that killed the
dinosaurs that was 65 million years if
the climate was warmer than now even
then what's the biggest thing that lived
that flew while people were alive I
think was that haast eagle you said that
was three meters right that's nine feet
by the way fuck that to imagine a nine
foot I don't take your kid easily I
don't take endur'd small kid may be a
pretty big kid yeah they carry deer away
oh shit how do they pull goats off the
side of cliffs and not even big ones dad
have you ever see that Golden Eagles do
that Golden Eagles are the biggest North
American Eagles and I've actually think
bald eagles have done this as well and
they swooped down and they grabbed these
sheep that are trying to climb their way
up to the top of these mountains they
pull them off and they they drop them on
the rocks yeah and watch them smash Wow
and sometimes they ride them down to the
ground
wow dude there's one video this one
eagle he grabs ahold of this sheep and
pulls him off of the sheep or goat I
forget which one was pulls it off the
side of this wall and as it's going down
the Eagles hanging on so the eagle hits
the ground with
and bounces it and oh my god it's
fucking madness it's madness that's
beautiful
they meet Eagles fine yeah eagle fell
bounced had this goat hit it in the head
bounced fine the end flies away yeah
crazy flexible bones that they have shit
yeah dude we're so lucky we have one
thing to worry about right now other
than normal shit that everybody has to
worry about all the time in life one new
thing and everything just hits to a halt
when one new thing like and the whole
world changes what new thing right
albatross has a bigger wingspan than the
haast eagle really it's about the same
maybe it says it's 11 feet Jesus I hope
the trust the ones that are alive right
now Wow that's what are they mostly fish
right and this even says a condor with a
24 foot wingspan that's 28 million years
ago
Oh Nica albatross they go out to sea for
fucking weeks what do they do just dive
in and eat fish I haven't eat yeah look
at that whoa yeah that would be just
more annoying than anything I don't
think they're gonna kill you but an
Eagles got a face like a bolt-cutter
there's a couple as I was digging
through a couple articles even
speculated if those giant quetzel Kotal
things some others like Petra fare too
big to even fly maybe mmm they could
have been like giant ostrich type bird
right yeah they only have the bones
right egg wings yeah just something that
just got too big for its wings didn't
need to fill maybe get fly like a
chicken like chickens can fly like you
know they fly like 10 feet or something
like that they just kind of run fly at
the same time they get a little get a
little air no I think about like my
friend had a a parrot when I was a kid
parrot or a power kid I don't know Birds
but it scared the shit out of me like I
would reach into the cage just to like
you know you try to stick your finger in
its belly so it steps on your finger but
it bites you instead and I remember
being a full-sized human being scared of
this take that and expand
by a thousand yeah and it's flying above
you yeah
birds can scare the shit out of you yeah
they can pull a fucking salmon out of a
flowing river with their feet and fly
away with it yeah imagine even grabbing
a salmon imagine just dunking your hand
into a river and pulling a salmon out no
I'm now imagine doing them while you're
flying in you snatch it pull it out of
the river and then fly away with it
alright and that's our American that's
our national bird national animal it's
pretty cool national animal I guess it's
a ruthless cunt of a flying dinosaur
yeah would it be better if we had
something compassionate to be that close
oh they're real close shoe bills are
super dangerous
oh yeah well that is an ancient
predatory carnivorous dinosaur that's
that happens to still be alive why is
that guy getting close to it with his
kid oh don't do that
please don't do that yeah I could
imagine if that thing was pissed off at
you
well we can touch it bro that's the kind
of people to get eaten I think we're
fine
oh I think we're fine I'm gonna bend
over and pull up my pants there are some
animals that are dangers a really
aggressive bird casts away I think it's
called and this lady's filming on the
beach in Australia she's like oh look
look at the cool bird and the bird
starts going after her they'll come fuck
with you what is it a ballon Epps's rex
Shoebill stork facts that's what it's
called Bala Nexus Rex
it's a Rex it's a fucking dinosaur look
at that face Wow
look at the mountain that one right
there look at that one look at that
image what in the fuck is that that's
that's flightless right yeah but it gets
to five feet tall and it snatches fish
and lizards and all kinds other things
swallow them whole there's a fantastic
documentary that bebe BBC put out years
ago about the Congo
and the shoe bill lives in the Congo and
in the in the Congo the shoe bill eats
this there's a fish that comes out of
the land and then crawls across the land
till it can find another pond and then
slides into that pond yeah and the shoe
bill is eating that thing and you're
like what am I seeing I'm seeing a
battle between two prehistoric animals
well that's a maze of fish that can swim
and then climb out of the water and walk
on the ground and then jump in a new a
new pond right that's the that's the
missing link for evolution the first
animal that first fish to get out of the
water yeah yeah it is
I mean all these animals adapt when
they're in the Congo that's that what
are you looking at there Jamie that's
weird
oh that's what it was on the bottom
they're all I mean they're all adapting
to their environment they found in the
Congo there's uh I think it's called a
duiker it's a specific type of antelope
but because they'd been in this used to
what they think is at least parts of the
Congo that if I don't hope I'm not
fucking this up but I believe what it
was was it used to be grasslands and
then the climate changed it became rain
for us and a lot of animals there were
like Plains animals were stuck in the
Congo in the rainforest and they had to
adapt so like you'll see these herds of
ungulates running through the Congo like
these different kinds of antelopes
running through the swampy waters yeah
like what are those things doing here
and then there's other antelopes like
these dijkers that actually can swim so
they can swim in their water as much as
a hundred meters no shit a hundred
metres underwater yeah yeah yeah they
can hold their breath in the eat fish
that's wild what yeah they're adapting
yeah so they're figuring out how to get
see if you can find that thing I think
it's I don't remember how to spell it
it's pink it's gonna be us in five years
these little fuck look at that what does
that bird doing no no no no that's not
it it dijkers an antelope dude it's not
a bird it's not it's not in the ocean
it's it's that's a tuna it's in the
Congo Jimmy you're high
really stuck on that shoe bill fucking
around you like is it this my bro that's
a sandwich
that's the 96 Olympics in Antelope I
think it's called to die I'm not I'm not
spell I don't know how to spell it I
don't think it's dik er but there's a
it's a small antelope like creature that
it lives in Africa
try under lesbian G yeah they they have
these little short legs and they swim by
the way today's a big day Joe 20th
appearance on the Joe Rogan experience
you were telling me that that's crazy
that's crazy yeah that's nuts
today's April Fool's be very careful a
lot of motherfuckers out there playing
that stupid game I was gonna tell you a
crazy fuckin story I was driving up here
thinking I gotta come up with some funny
the gemsbok oh that's another animal
that can swim in the ocean
yeah they swim yeah that's called the
gemsbok is that what that one's called I
think spelling did you know you got DUI
keer okay it's gonna take a long time to
find video of its women but this this
documentary was just showing how
sometimes things just change and these
animals get fucked yeah and they're just
not supposed to be there right I think
part of the part of it was they were
locating things like elephants in the in
parts of the Congo - that were also in
the rainforest and like what the fuck of
these things doing here
alright it's really interesting man you
know we're we're just real fortunate
that we are in a place that is fairly
calm with very few monsters yeah but
this is you know there's spots in the
world where unfortunately your
civilization really never had a chance
to get a foothold because it was always
dealing with defense there was not
enough time to relax to really build up
a good stout civilization because
everything is just about acquiring food
and making sure you don't get a rocket
right well that's why it's kind of cool
that we have mountain lions but not a
lot there's like we can literally count
the number of mountain lions we have in
Los Angeles but they're fucking there
they're there dude they're real too
yeah it keeps you it kind of keeps you
honest a little bit I think we got a I
think it's good no matter what city are
in there should be a fucking bear just
one bear just a little something to let
you know there's a food chain respect it
yeah you know we just we think we just
get food from the store no that's that's
what's confusing about all this food
does not come from the store food is
food comes from living things either
vegetables and fruits or animals that's
food the store is this weird thing that
we invented yeah you got to figure out
how to get food you can't rely on the
store right and one thing that's
happened is there's a giant uptick of
people looking into hunting licenses and
people like watching videos on hunting
and happening aronia yes and a
homesteading a lot of people that are
looking to buy plots of land and like
raise rabbits for food raise chickens
and raise pigs and there's a lot of
videos that are popping up on youtube
now about homesteading where people like
hey how do we a fucking avoid this you
buy a patch of land you get a few
families to chip in you all build houses
on that land or you buy houses that are
close enough to each other that you
could share land and you fucking grow
food yeah you grow food and make sure
that you don't need anybody right if you
get all your food from your yard that
can be done this sound this sounds so
like out there but it's like that's
literally how ninety five percent of the
world lives yeah and not not only that
but how 99.9 percent of the world lived
until the last couple of hundred years
yeah you know this is how you're
supposed to you supposed to have food in
your body yeah most of something here my
grandfather always had a garden always
had a course yes yeah he would go back
there and he would check his Tomatoes he
knew where everything was no my peppers
are coming in he would always have this
little thing of this spot over here for
this kind of plant and this kind of food
he would grow spices and all kinds of
shit yeah like those old-school
immigrant people that came over here
back when food was hard to get they knew
how to like make sure you have something
right make sure you have a you know you
can stay alive with your garden you know
well especially the chickens that you
can't get eggs we haven't shoppin last
night there's no eggs it's hard
yeah these kunti coyotes killed all my
fucking chickens or I'd get some eggs
for you that sucks
I got a but the thing is about
rebuilding we we've talked about this
when you
build the shelter the chicken shelter
and and put new chickens in there now
you're a target like they know where
meat is and they know a bonza bonanza of
meat they'd nine chickens in one day in
one in one sitting
they killed nine chickens was just a
fucking like just disgusting pile of
feathers yeah where all the chickens
were slaughtered yeah and the whole
white pulled the mesh was pulled out and
they just jumped in there and just one
at a time killed all the chicken Wow
I don't want that shit around my house
you know that's the thing it's like if
you if you're gonna have coyotes
targeting your house like looking
looking at your house as a source of
food if you're doing that by keeping
chickens you're gonna have more coyote
interactions yeah and either you're cool
with that or you kind of creeped out by
yeah I'm kind of creeped out by it
especially when I'm high I tied a dead
chicken to a one of the Coyotes killed
the chicken before I chased it out I
tied a chicken to a pot like a pot that
you plant plants in you know pottery
uh-huh and I tied it down and I tied it
in and I said it 30 yards from my
balcony and I got a rangefinder and I
arranged all these different spots on
the yard and I set up there for hours
with a bow trying to kill a coyote
really yeah he's right there go get your
chicken you were pissed I was I was
having war with them yeah seven war I
was gonna kill him and I was gonna throw
him over the fence let these cunts know
hey I killed your friend I'll kill you
too
you should have chewed its head off or
thinking about owning some of it and
then shitting into a bag and throwing
the bag over the hill I ate a piece your
friend you fucks yeah yeah I'm not a fan
I like having them around it's cool to
hear him at night but I don't want them
thinking of my my animals and my dog or
my cat or anything like that as a food
source because it sounds like you cared
about these chickens if they did they
become like pets
they're like pets but not like Marshalls
like he met Marshall he's out there
right now yeah he's like family he that
little sweetie he's my he's one of my
kids yeah like he's my buddy
he's like a full-grown three-year-old
cuddle bunny you know he's the sweetest
dog in the world like that's very
different than the chicken my
relationship with the chicken is not
that deep like that dog is I love that
dog he's my buddy
like every time I see him I'm like dude
yeah and he's like he comes over with a
toy in his mouth and he's just he's just
a bundle of love he loves everybody to
everybody he meets he just loves ever
yeah that's chickens I'm not like that
man they're not that valuable chickens
are independent little cunts I was
walking my dogs this morning and some
fuckin asshole goes can I pet your dog
I'm like let me check let me check the
news no no you can't rub your fucking
germy hands on my dog it's gonna come
home to your house right yeah no you're
not supposed to do that right now right
now
not supposed to let something dude just
touch you some guy wanted to shake my
head at the grocery store the week of
the whole thing yeah when I shook his
hand I didn't want to be rude right but
I felt weird about it I was like oh we
still check-in hands like when when do
we stop doing this this is that was the
the week that everybody went crazy and
started buying shit
it is crazy too because there's no
shortage of food no no change doesn't
change yeah yeah yeah especially the
toilet paper thing became totally random
he's like one asshole filled up his
shopping cart with toilet paper and then
somebody saw him do that and somebody
else saw him do that and they all just
decided it was a panic on toilet paper
it doesn't make any sense it's almost
like it was perpetrated by a toilet
paper industry ah do you know how much
money you would save if you had a bad
day or like there's a little tushy ones
that we had that was a sponsor I think
that was like what did red band say
across like $79 yeah that's that uh
that's for the goldwater
the one that yeah and the few few extra
bucks you get it heated up but just take
it like a seal like a Navy SEAL yeah if
I'm gonna do that I'm I cuz I looked
online you can't get the cheap ones
anywhere the cold water ones are sold
out but they did have like some high-end
ones and I was thinking like you shit
every day
yeah every you know I'm gonna get it in
my house I'll have it for the rest of my
life why not
go big and just get one that's like some
of them have remote controls where you
can live here you can change the
direction of it have you ever taken a
shit here you told me to use it once but
I didn't do it don't be scared it's
wonderful really it's wonderful yeah
yours has probably got a fucking tanning
bed in it it does you can direct make it
a stronger wave a lighter wave yeah
direct it into the hole itself you could
aim right in the hole you know it makes
you have to shit more like when it goes
up the hole your body's like oh yeah I
got some extra for you so you get
loosens everything throu a little
hemorrhoidal lotion on there for me if I
need it doesn't you'll do that yourself
but the point is you're saving a lot of
money in toilet paper like bleach my
asshole cleans it I don't think I bleach
it it'd be a nice little option though I
don't extra button know that you need to
worry about that in these trying times
look if you get Botox now you're an
asshole yeah you know this doctor could
be in an emergency room helping kovat 19
patients you're like I'm seeing there's
some movement there's some movement
right here like watch watch okay I can
look I'm shocked yeah me well he's got
three people hacking up in the waiting
room oh come on
well this article in the Atlantic was
really disturbing where they were saying
that if the people that are going in to
find out if they have kovat they can't
even give them this was in New York they
couldn't even give them a test because
they didn't meet a certain criteria and
if they didn't have it before they
definitely have it now there's other
people in this waiting room yeah and
they're all waiting and they're all sick
and coughing like fucking christ so
what's the point at which you're
supposed to go in because just get it
yeah I mean what do you mean know what I
mean what's the point where you should
go to the doctor versus sit it out and
try to because they say 90% of the
people to come in have pneumonia or or
the flu they don't have kovat well
that's the thing is that the flu still
here right so it's happening at the same
time as the flu but it's a new thing
obviously we know what to do with the
flu you could put give people Tamiflu
you know you can get a flu shot you much
like we had dr. Hotez explain how even
if you get a flu shot from the wrong
kind of flu to make a vaccine it's still
has enough of the the things in it that
fight off parts of the flu cos of flu is
a virus has a bunch of different
components and so it can mitigate some
of the components even if it's not the
perfect vaccine for that virus so it
still protects you somewhat protects you
better than not having anything so
that's the flu like there's a bunch of
shit with this thing they're like we
don't we don't know yeah you know we
don't we really don't know we don't know
what's going on I mean people talk about
all these different treatments that may
or may not be effective but this is too
new for the most part you really just
need a ventilator I mean that's the only
thing you would need medical care for
right cuz I can't do much for you
otherwise well there's been some talk
about Z packs you know but there's no
there's no definitive evidence and those
when they run studies like that it takes
a long-ass time to get you know if
they're doing double-blind
placebo-controlled studies trying to
find out what what does what and what's
effective for what and any kind of
clinical trial I think takes months
right
oh no a year it's a year is it yeah cuz
they think they've already identified
some vaccines but they said for it to be
you know if you don't test it you could
put it out and kill as many people with
the vaccine yeah yeah yeah and at the
same time Tiger king becomes the number
one show in the world the same time a
documentary on wild tigers they're in
captivity at this crazy dudes place
who's married to two other crazy dudes
who's in a battle with this lady who
might have fed her ex-husband to Tigers
right don't tell me I haven't seen a
spoiler yeah what do you think Jamie
about the whole about did that lady feed
her husband to the tiger if I if you had
a million dollars today reopen the case
dick yesterday yeah they're looking back
into it they're looking into maybe I
don't know bro if you have a husband
that's a millionaire and you raise
Tigers and then that guy disappears and
no one knows where he is if that happens
I think people should be suspicious
they'd be like okay where is he you
don't know where he is at all huh he
just went away huh
how many Tigers you have you have a
hundred Tigers can we see your target
words with you Tigers tranq your Tigers
and examine their shit and survive
through lab like this human shit here
this is human and you you ate a human
this tiger ate a human oh my god this
lady fed her fucking husband two tigers
well she needs a meat grinder she must
have a meat grinder so she needs she
throws the husband in the meat grinder
throws the piles out there where the
Tigers eat and they just tear him apart
like Scarface 97 dude I think that was a
real thing with drug dealers was getting
a tiger for that reason oh well that's
always been the thing with people with
pigs that was in that movie snatch oh
that's right that's right baby pigs yeah
guy with the crazy glasses yeah who's
that dude that dude from the movie
snatched that guy's amazing
we've talked about him before God I got
a rewatch that music that was member he
had I get it
a cup of tea and these big-ass thick
glasses and yeah totally different kind
of gangster his name is Alan Ford Alan
Ford you fucking legend sir
yeah that guy's amazing there's a new
guy Richie movie out right now
right what is it caused to be in the
movie theaters with the low bid hits
dude he's one of my all-time favorite
people I've ever talked to guy rich he's
an interesting guy
oh you had him in yeah I don't know shit
yeah he changed my mind about suits he's
so passionate about suits about wearing
suits owning a suit the way you own it
how's this a new movie by Matthew
McConaughey oh shit
I'll take it Matthew McConaughey and
Hugh Grant grant playing a bad guy why
not I love it I have never seen a guy
ritchie movie that I didn't love never
won they're all amazing Lock Stock Lock
Stock and Two Smoking Barrels that was
great what was the one about the the
British gangsters that moved to Spain
and they're retired and then the guy
makes him come back in oh shit what was
that what was that that was fucking her
see his thing here oh I think that was
it was that rock'n'roll oh that was 2008
no I never saw a man from uncle these
are all his movies really Wow anyway the
gentleman so it was supposed to be
released right around or was it really
think it did come out actually about
like it wasn't out for very long and the
hit and then the thing hey you know
that's one cool thing like Apple TV is
letting you buy new movies let you buy
the movies that are supposed to be out
in the movie theater you could rent
though oh really on Apple TV yeah no
shit not all of them but enough so
you're like oh shit this is this is a
movie movie that's awesome
but there's so many movies that's the
thing that you're realizing - like if
there's ever been a time in human
history where you could really entertain
yourself without having to go anywhere
yes now I know before you'd have to go
to the DVD store and get the fucking
kovat infected blockbuster boxes where
they'd awful all B's you spray it spray
it good and then maybe some of the spray
would get into the tape and it would
really get the VHS home and fuck the
domestic box office brought in 5000 $179
for the week of March 22 26 holy shit
five thousand dollars down 100% from the
2004 204,000 Oh two hundred and four
million one hundred ninety three
thousand four hundred and six the same
week a year ago Wow is down a hundred
percent
[Laughter]
[Music]
damn that's a big loss but the
restaurant industry I think probably
took the biggest loss right or the bars
bars and restaurants probably took in
comedy clubs - comedy clubs theaters
sure all those well movie theaters and
regular tutors - right all theaters
anything Performing Diaz freaked me out
I was talking on the phone yesterday and
he's like he's like Dawg you think
you're gonna be playing the funny bone
in st. Louis
Chris fucking Chris Rock's gonna be
playing that fucking Club this year like
all the theater acts are gonna come down
to clubs because nobody's gonna be
coming out it's very possible we don't
know how long this is gonna last man or
how long people's apprehension about
getting into a group is gonna last even
if it clears up next month it's still
gonna be a long time before people are
comfortable well this also showed people
that people that are paying attention to
numbers it showed people the devastation
the flu does every year yeah until this
happened I had no idea that many people
were dying every year from the flu yeah
that's that's an eye-opener that alone
makes you want to wash your hands more
yeah and just kind of be careful when
people are coughing and dude malaria
still I think the number one killer in
the world they think malaria has killed
we do we figure out this is this has
come about four different times and
every time I forget whether or not this
statistic is bullshit but I think they
think half of all the people have died
ever that was the the theory were killed
by malaria no shit so if you took all
the people that have ever died like when
you know ten billion people that have
ever died five billion died from malaria
wow that's the number the shitty way to
die till row my friend Justin rent has
gotten it three times
he runs the fight for the Forgotten
charity going to the Congo and building
wells for the pig no really yeah oh wow
he's been there he's a fighter I fought
for the UFC and I don't remember exactly
how he initially made his trip over to
the Congo but he fell in love with these
pygmy people and started helping them
trying to figure out how to get them
wall wells built in freshwater because a
lot of their problems were these
diseases that were getting from
pathogens in the water
because they're just stagnant water and
no way to fix it and so he developed
this charity fight for the Forgotten and
started going back and forth over there
but in the meantime he's gotten malaria
three different times one time he got
sick and the malaria came back so it was
like it wasn't even I'm pretty sure he
doesn't even think he was reinfected he
thinks it rekindled inside of his body
when he got sick his immune system was
was down and there was like a hint of
malaria still in his body and it read
that's what fucked me up to paying
attention to this we have viruses all
the time in our body that are just kind
of duking it out yeah there's a war
being waged and that the common cold is
also a type of corona virus oh is that
right yeah yeah make sure that's true
it's closer to 4 to 5 percent they think
of the total people over 4 or 5 percent
between somewhere between 4 and 5 oh
well that's way different than 50 let's
keep lying and it's not like it's gone
down I mean it unless they get rid of
mosquitoes there will always be and I
think that is a possibility that's
something they've talked about doing is
engineering some new kind of mosquito
that like doesn't breed or some mosquito
that kills other mosquitoes or or
something along those lines they've
they've had a couple of different things
that they've tried to figure out how to
do but the problem is you don't once you
do that you know you let that cat out of
the bag and kill all the mosquitoes then
you find out the mosquitoes with a glue
that holds the whole thing together and
the lizards were eating the mosquitoes
and the cats reit and the lizards and
who knows what kind of shit could go
down you got rid of mosquitoes
yeah but they do carry a lot of
disgusting things the dirty blood yeah
the dirty saliva
they'd sting you and give you a malaria
disease dude people were worried
remember when aids first came out people
were worried that mosquitoes we're gonna
pass it around oh yeah definitely people
like what they carry malaria why the
fuck can't they carry that
oh that's think about all these
pandemics
like you know coronavirus is actually
kind of a pussy and it's it's easy to
kill there's other viruses which are
much tougher but as a very thin membrane
it's a it's a fatty membrane that goes
over it and you know foam from soap yeah
by the way make sure when you wash your
hands get a lot of foam going that's
actually the thing that kills the corona
really yeah foam yeah foam it up and get
your thumbs for God's sake don't forget
your goddamn thumbs it's a new strain of
corona virus not previously seen in
humans for other strains interests are
very common usually only cause mild
symptoms like the common cold yeah yeah
what we're just talking about we're
talking about washing hands malaria then
it's dead it's a pussy that's what was
because there was this other thing that
I talked about with the Austral home
that scared me way more than that that's
uh I mean it's scary for sure don't get
me wrong but there's this chronic
wasting disease that they found in deer
and it's it's 100% fatal and it's a
prion disease the same same kind of
disease as mad cow disease was and the
same as mad cow disease made the jump to
humans then it became very dangerous and
people to some people to this day like
they can't give blood because they were
alive eating cheeseburgers during the
mad cow days maybe they've released that
I don't know but for a long time they
couldn't get blood because the idea
would be that used to all these prions
in your system you could they took these
surgical instruments that they used on
patients who died of mad cow disease and
they ran these surgical instruments
through these sanitization machines the
the sanitary process sanitizing process
three times three times like a thousand
degree temperature couldn't kill it
three times still had living prions on
the surgical equipment yeah yeah and all
we got to do is soap it up sing happy
birthday twice yeah this done nothing in
comparison to something that could
happen to us if chronic wasting disease
ever made the leap from deer to humans
yeah it's very spooky and
I had my friend Doug Dern and Brian
what's his name again
don't guess
Richards I think I think you're right
who's biologists who's explaining who's
explaining a wildlife expert explained
all of it to us like what what it is how
it's happened how its spread it's
spreading from deer and do the end is
horrific we watched a video of one of
them where they're they're wasting away
and they're spitting so this this this
this fluid that's coming out of their
body is contaminated and then deer will
come along and eat the leaves that have
that prion on it and take it in and ill
get it it'll get chronic wasting disease
and then it'll rot away and spitting out
this stuff and then other deer not dude
it's horrific
and it's 100% fatal so think about what
we've got that your immune system you
know for the vast majority of the people
is gonna fight off it's tragic the
people that don't not diminishing that
at all that's not what I'm saying but
there's a giant difference between
something that idris elba gets and shows
no weaknesses it shows no symptoms
rather or Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson get
it and they get over it it's rough but
they get over and they survive versus
prions to kill hundred percent of all
the deer that they in fact they're all
dead and they waste away they waste away
to nothing it's it's ugly Wow look this
guy was was sounding the warning bell he
was like these have made the jump to
mice and they prions have made the jump
from animals to people this is totally
possible
this can happen yeah and it's like right
now it's like this like silent thing
that they're just keeping an eye on and
it's spreading across the country and
people don't know like there's places
where people have stopped eating deer
meat and there's checkpoints we have to
bring the deer in like Wisconsin where
my friend Doug lives where they bring
the deer and they have to test them
before you can eat this chronic wasting
just test it for a CWD yeah and the
thing is it hasn't me to jump to people
but who's gonna take that risk Yeah
right you're gonna eat it eat this deer
sausage that came from a deer that has
CWD but it's never made the jump to
people so have the sausage mmm what I'm
not eating that the thing definitely had
it it was definitely positive because a
lot of times they're positive for like a
year so they're running around like
looking like a regular deer and you
shoot it and you
cook it knead it and you're eating the
prions yes they just don't affect your
brain yet about 7,000 to 15,000 animals
infected with CWD are eaten each year
and that number could rise by 20%
annually according to the Alliance for
Public wildlife which Oscar Holmes cited
in his testimony scientists can't say
for sure that CWD will cross over and
infect humans but as time goes on and
more infected meat is consumed the
likelihood increases osterholm said it's
like a throw at the genetic roulette
table he said fuck that yeah what if
that gets into the cows what if that
gets into your cheeseburger this is
maybe what the whole vegan movements
about maybe they're trying to protect us
from the ultimate attack what if that's
the only people that survive can you
imagine how annoying the earth will
become everybody will be thin and I know
well for self righteous all the guys
would have to have man buns
you have to yeah
meat eaters would like get a Velcro man
bun and put it on just to get through
security yeah you couldn't eat meat
anymore
everybody was dying of chronic wasting
disease yeah imagine man again this is
uh these are possible there's been a
bunch of different horrific there's been
15 random acts they say in the last 300
years no more than that three thousand
years I'm sure there have been more than
that I'm sure there's been a bunch
recently we were reading him off
recently like ones that were considered
pandemic h1n1 was considered oh hi there
was 15 of something maybe it's not a
pandemic then h1n1 was the number again
Jamie it was like more than 50,000 dead
in this country in this country yeah no
yeah yeah well that's this country total
in the world but a sure that's America
or the rest of the world
the very next thing below it says
estimated one hundred fifty one to five
hundred seventy-five thousand people
died during the first year okay so five
hundred seventy five thousand in the
world but only eighteen thousand in
America what was the one that got the
big number if I'm wrong about eight one
h1n1 there was one that had a really
large number we like what tooth that
remember I read to you at those quotes
the other day did we ever figure out
those are real there was one okay yeah
total us is cases oh that's what it is
there's the one from death rates range
from three to thirty three percent swine
flu the twelve thousand four hundred
sixty nine deaths the United States
according to CDC from April 2009 April
2010 wait about the 2017 to 2018 h2 n3
that one it says killed
it says he'll sixty one thousand
Americans is that the one H two and
three from 2017 but again in 1968 is it
says 1732 eighteen no H two and three oh
sorry did I say it wrong no I'm looking
at one that's just dyslexic back the
other way
estimated affected eight hundred and
ninety four thousand people got the flu
overall death rate was seven point five
percent with a peak in January 2018 of
10.8% fatality rate whoa yeah I don't
know if that's true though ten percent
face - I fix that a doctor sent me who's
a wise man yeah we've done zero research
right so that's what I'm trying to find
out well ten percent I think is a death
rate for corona isn't it about oh no
it's that was what-who person was in
Italy I think that's the influenza A
influenza h3n2 and how many people that
kill each other how come there wasn't
social distancing and all this stuff for
for I think the idea is that the flu is
something we're prepared for we have flu
shots we have Tamiflu we're prepared for
someone getting a bad case of the flu
we're to prepare for the flu this is
something that nobody that you saw
coming it directly affects your Esper
taury system they said dr. Hotez
yesterday was trying to explain it was
basically five times more deadly than
the flu and five times more contagious
okay so it's a perfect combination and a
great number of people are asymptomatic
so they they get it and nothing happens
spreads them all and they spread it and
then the people that infects its it
infects a lot of people from them and it
is really bad for the people with it's
really bad for it's weird yeah and this
is one of the things that he was kind of
highlighting that it's a very strange
one okay influenza is caused up to fifty
seven thousand three hundred deaths and
sickened up to forty 1.3 million people
according to do estimates in the last
year I was live this was supposed to a
year ago so this was so that was the
2007 I think 2000 2017-2018 year that's
the 57,000 57,000 Americans died in one
year or the flu mm-hmm no shit I know
that's what's crazy that's what this is
this is what's but you got to think Greg
about the numbers of us this is what we
have to think this scale and again this
is not diminishing because people want
to get up set up these kind of things
I'm not diminishing at all the impact of
the corona virus and what it's happening
right now
and and it's it's different for sure
it's definitely worse but what I'm
saying is most of us weren't truly aware
of the numbers of people that are
affected by the flu until this until
you're looking at those numbers and you
go wait wait how many and then you think
we're dealing with three hundred and
thirty million people three hundred
thirty million or whatever it is and how
many of them are getting sick and and
how many people do you know they get
really sick how many people do you know
that are sick already and then they get
really sick and then they die how many
people do you know that have cancer and
they're going through chemo and then
they get sick and they die it happens
there's so many fucking people that when
the flu comes along
anyone that catches it that's in a
compromised state is in trouble
kids are in trouble well let say kids I
think are more in danger the flu than
they are of Corona and Corona seems to
affect the elderly right yeah it's a
different disease although I got a
friend who works in an in an ER in New
York who says that originally it was
older people and now they're seeing a
lot of people in their 20s coming in and
not
is getting up a dying from it Jesus yeah
they think there's a bunch of different
factors and they don't know what they
are they think there might be genetic
there might be different blood types it
might be people that vape I might have
an issue people that smoke seem to
certainly have an issue and they think
maybe that's part of the reason why
Italy has such a high right and men have
a higher rate than women because they
smoke more and they're gross and they
don't wash their hands what if it only
grew on balls we'd be dead I'm just
constantly having us to get our balls
cut off just like they do to dogs look
the best way to make a dog calm as you
cut their balls off right that's what
they're gonna do to people that's how
we're gonna become those aliens
yeah and I'm talking about before yeah
that's the obvious next step for people
it's obvious you go from original
ancient primate to human being to alien
yeah that's the next step no gender chop
it all off that's what all this gender
neutral gender this gender that gender
norms all the other battling going on
about gender that never existed before
it's a slow slide and the neutering all
the males yeah cuz that's the only way
it's gonna work out because and we'll be
happier to J we won't have to feel the
pressure of breeding one more all gonna
listen to Liz oh we're gonna understand
why each others are mad then we're gonna
get it we go oh now I know why you're
mad yeah I never thought that way before
right hey boy
surprised you were more mad that was one
of the funniest things about I was
watching this documentary about this
lady who converted into a man and she
was talking about like the difference
being like once she got testosterone and
they started shooting her up with
testosterone her clit started growing
she was like oh okay I get it
no I thought that you the way you guys
felt was like the same way we felt yeah
she's like I've never been this horny in
my life yeah yeah you get it now yeah
this different thing
it's different than the male horny is a
it's a pursuing horny it's an aggressive
look I gotta take care of this Jesus
yeah like a young kid like an 18 year
old kid agony agony all-consuming you
couldn't think about anything you
couldn't be in a room with that nun
without having a dirty thumb mm-hmm and
once you got your first sexual
experience once a girl a cute young girl
your age slides your penis into her
mouth Oh My Jesus this is better than
anything I've ever done by far
mm-hmm I'm gonna focus solely on this
for the next two decades when your first
girlfriend is rubbing your balls while
your ejaculating into her mouth like
what could be better than this you're
telling me there's a thing better yeah
cuz I say horseshit yes my whole life I
thought tens were tens and now
everything other than this is like a
three yeah so all the tens like Oh Star
Wars amazing stores can suck a fucking
pail these days fuck you Star Wars sucks
compared to blowjobs right and for women
a nice cuddle feels like a 10 and
everything else goes down listen bro
some girls are dirty I remember this
girl that I dated when I was 17 we were
both like run same age she would get so
wet that it would and this is kind of I
shouldn't even talk about her let's talk
about her after she turned 18 after she
turned 18 we were both let's make it so
we're both well legal I was 19 she was
18 okay she would get so wet it would
drip down her thighs her inner thigh
would have like a trail of tears like
tears like she was crying he was she a
squirter no she was just horny wow it's
a horny little Irish girl that's that's
humans at 18 yeah that's what it's like
forgot would you we're in our 50s yeah
we're old broken-down jalopy
yeah these new kids are out there you
know they're fucking supercharged
Corvettes yeah and they're they're
running around with boners trying to
figure out life and thank god they're
gonna make machinery for them soon
they're gonna have robots out there they
take care of these young
so oh yeah no one's gonna want it you
don't want a real girl well what about
the guys who can't get a real girl still
not good enough still weird
yeah like ex machina yeah like ex
machina if that guy met a girl akule
chick who's like don't you think it's a
little fucked up that you want to fuck
that robot lady yeah he's like it is a
little fucked up she's like you know I
like you and he's like you really like
me yeah I like you I'm a person I like
you let's get the fuck out of here he's
like yeah let's get the fuck out of here
yeah and the robot would kill both of
them robot would find them yeah kill
them both right no emotion just stabbed
in the heart
yeah did you see that movie X mark yeah
it's great the end scene is like whoa of
course emotion so well-written it was
such a fucking well not coming
yeah that girl who's the girl that
played the the number one robot in ex
machina she's fucking amazing she's
really great you buy it hook line and
sinker
yeah hook line and sinker she's a hot
robot she got in shape for that role I
think she's got a fake potty
weight I mean she got she know it was
based on her real body wasn't it why
would it be you could just lay around
the couch and they'll turn you into some
translucent thing with wires yeah you
don't have to have a hot body
it's imagine if that was the only thing
they couldn't do like we can give you
this crazy robot looking body Alicia Wow
Alicia vikander
what else has she been in Swedish
actress what else is that lady been in
Tomb Raider oh Jesus well Jason the
Danish girl
well she's fucking amazing in that movie
just amazing but imagine if they
couldn't change the shape you got to get
down to a really sexy shape and yeah the
rest right look you can't you turn him
into a robot yeah I can't just eat chips
no sorry
yeah the only way we can do it is the
actual shape of your body you gotta meet
us halfway yeah gotta be exact
yeah then we'll turn you into a robot
well freeze you know the real free zyou
at that size I think one day you're
gonna go over your buddy's house
and you know give a knock on the door
he's gonna open up the door you're gonna
go inside and he's gonna see
gonna see this sexy maid in lingerie and
high heels would like a push-up bra and
she's hot as fuck she's like oh hi Greg
and you go to your friend hey man she
real and he goes what's real is that
boner real because I see a boner right
now she's a superhot pornstar looking
yeah lady with the fake tits but they're
real right yeah cuz you making it's a
biological thing that they've built well
right if they're fake tits anyway I mean
I've never real I've never I've been
married since fake tits have been around
so I don't really know what it's like to
interact with fake tits but it seems to
me that like if if that if the vagina
and the tits are the really the key
points for making love then who cares
with the rest of bodies fake hmm
interesting thought yeah like a fake arm
yeah let's make it all fake but if what
it was she's like jerking you off with
the fake arm use the real one just with
the fake ones more sensitive the real
one I hit twitches sometimes like the
bionic man ones real and ones yeah you
don't want to get jerked off by the fake
ones yeah
like I want you to do it like do you
really hand is this weird yeah on what
you using a tool on me you know at least
I'm calm you commit to letting someone
use something on you yeah you know
commit to someone want to put a vibrator
in your taint okay hey hey hey it's not
real let's just hang out yeah you know
use a tarragon on my taint right let's
just talk yeah you don't have to do that
but I remember there was who was this
girl in college and she's the chain
smoke and drink tab all day
it was everything everything about it
was just kind of manufactured and hmm
you know just
just perfect and I remember one time
like I was over a house and I we we've
kind of broken up and she'd had a party
and she's like hey why don't you stick
around it's like nah man I'm gonna head
out she's like no stay stay I was like
man she's like I have toys I'm like all
right let's crack another beer and she
took you over the top that's because I
never played with toys and and she
opened up her her bottom drawer her
dresser and it was like a fucking
hardware store all different sizes and
shapes and uh do you remember post 9/11
when Stanhope would travel with a
suitcase filled with dildos now yes that
was his thing that was his thing
Stanhope would travel with a whole
suitcase filled with dildos that's great
like a shoe salesman let me show you my
wares I mean there are a hundred percent
legal that have yeah so he would just
get checked and every TSA anybody what
in the fuck and they'd open up his bags
just dicks rubber dicks but what kind of
girl you go bet you go back to his hotel
room and he opens up his suitcase and
you're you just start using those same
kind of girl that loves tan oh yeah
that's right perfect perfect yeah yep
you know it's uh you just wipe sit down
with this tie just good old honest
advertising now listen I see that you
like me and you've come back to my room
can I assume I can put in hardware
that's been in other women inside of you
right now yes sure let's do it let's
smoke cigarettes - yeah take some
mushroom smoke a cigarette
fuck you phone calls - filthy dildos
inside of me every time I get a phone
call from Stanhope it's it's like oh
yeah I hope he's drunk what do you got
what are you doing right now we got into
yoga for a while
no not yoga biking and hiking oh yeah I
did so yeah he no he did yoga - yeah he
met this lady down in Tucson he was
writing a book and she's she was a
cyclist right
um anyway she got him like to stop
drinking for a while start eating
healthy start exercising start riding a
bike and she was like getting him to do
it on a regular basis huh
yeah I was like what how is this
possible I don't know if he maintained I
was assumed it was just a cleansing
period for weed hot back yeah I think
that on the booze that makes being a
drunk could get boring if he never took
a break you got to step away once in a
while clean it up and then feel the joy
of going back down into the darkness you
know you know I talked to Ari Shaffir
yes all right excellent
ari he's quarantined himself in Maryland
for two weeks he's just he's run out of
edibles and he's not smoking it because
he thinks it makes you vulnerable to
Corona so he's living like a he's doing
yoga living a clean life good for him
yeah so he's gonna do that for two weeks
and he's gonna move in with his folks
right yeah
yeah I think he just decided to play it
that way
smart move coming from New York because
that's where Michael yo got it that's
where there's the most cases in the
country right now meanwhile they say
more cases in the United States and more
deaths the United States than China and
I don't buy that I was reading this
scientist was saying that is literally
almost impossible you're dealing with a
country that has three times the amount
of people and it broke out there so
there's three times the amount of people
who broke out there it's been going on
far longer that it's been going on here
and they're saying there's less deaths
in China than there are here and less
people infected yeah yeah
China conceal'd extent of virus outbreak
US intelligence says that's from
Bloomberg yeah that should say duh yeah
yeah of course they did now when they
shoot you for reporting the truth
yeah dude there's 21 million people
missing from their cell phone database
they're really 21 million
that doesn't mean doesn't mean that 21
million people are dead from the virus
but let's just say it's only 10% of
those people yeah let's say it's that
that's 2 million people dud
alright let's say it's 10% of that come
on man 200,000 people did how many
people how many people really died is it
really only 30,000 or whatever they said
how many did they say died it's not that
many
well they've also loosened up their
restrictions now so if it if it didn't
get if it didn't get that bad it will
get that bad because it'll have a
boomerang now that they open it up again
well they tried to open up movie
theatres and they immediately closed
them back down again well here people as
soon as they relax things
the divorce rate went up shot through
the roof in China 3,000 does get the
fuck out of here yeah right 81 thousand
cases we have way more cases only 3,000
deaths we have more deaths come on yeah
they listen you're dealing with a
military dictatorship they get to decide
what information gets revealed and
anything that would show them to have
made a mistake or to be liable or to be
negligent or incompetent is going to be
suppressed
well what's North Korea saying it's a
good question I haven't heard a peep out
of North Korea South Korea apparently
got on it very quickly they were saying
that Germany has the best results they
have a very very low mortality rate and
they don't know if it's because the
stringency of their system the health of
the people whether it's a combination of
things they have apparently are very
good health care system but it makes
sounds like the thing about the way
Germans make cars you know yeah there's
so well engineered it's so well thought
out North Korea claims no coronavirus
cases fucking credit card number and kim
jeong-hoon just shot an 11 again last
week in golf yeah oh to see how crazy
golf scores yeah
does he really he claims that he got a
hole-in-one on every call there's
something crazy
we're gonna like a 27 out of 18 hole
really really yeah what does that zelich
Tiger Woods world class no no Tiger
Woods will shoot a great round of 63 so
this guy says like just 17 I forget what
it is but it's like it entails several
holes in one and
round oh my god
Dennis Robbo's with them that must be
fun though to be able to just tell
people everyday like all right print
this
I fucked nine women last night they were
all tens they said he got a 34 a 38
underpart 34 by the way Lil Duval who's
the best follow on instagram right now
he's all days been posting about the the
corona virus and funny memes and shed
but he had one with the the king of
Thailand the king of Thailand is
sequestered in his palace with his 18
girlfriends is that sequestered yes it
is it's just him and them and just a
long bone session how many does he have
like you feeling any better no I need a
little more time the king of Thailand
had a girl that was like his number one
girl here this came - oh excuse me
twenty girlfriends wow he's in a luxury
hotel with twenty girlfriends so he's
got em all in rooms they can't go
anywhere and stay put that with all his
medals are for yes for fucking he won
the fucking Olympics every year he
stands on the podium holding his dick
that is so crazy
there's just different styles of life
but uh I think little Duval wrote
aspirations yeah it's the same guy oh no
shit not only did he took away her
military position because she was
disrespectful to the Queen
Wow yeah he made her bow down friend
everybody you watch the video click it
says watch the video you should watch
the video as he made her his official
concubine and ceremony attended by his
wife so that was when he made his
official concubine that was one video
but there's another video where he took
away the title which hasn't been
bestowed upon someone in a long time
apparently he took it away because she
she slipped of the tongue
look at this official concubine look at
bowing down
oh she gives the concubine crown just
imagine living like that imagine the
whole world he gives her something to
eat what is she doing she putting in her
hair like a lethal flower to put behind
her ear yeah there's like rules stuff
you have to do
meanwhile the wives like mm-hmm this
bitch fuck this bitch doing okay they
all have to be on their knees in front
of him I guess
lots of different ways to go all right
huh yeah Wow
maybe he's got the best time of this
coronavirus thailand's playboy King was
taken over a luxury German hotel to
isolate from the coronavirus along with
a harem of 20 women salute 67 keep on
rockin in the free world sir it seems
like a lot I guess it's you know maybe
you know something we don't know yeah he
whatever his diet is I need it well
maybe it's just like he knows it's gonna
take a long time yeah maybe they get to
world leaders and they go look we got a
couple of years was not clear if his
fourth wife former flight attendant was
even with him the baller move would be
to like wait four days and then send for
more women right just to blow people's
minds yeah
with golden underwear on you just put
pose at the balcony every down then
stand out of the balcony overlooking the
city with a glass of champagne with
golden underwear just look around and
you go right back in send in some more
bitches just left
well Germany's the best place to be like
you were saying super low mortality rate
less than 1/10 of 1% in Germany I was
reading that like in Scandinavia
different countries are there they're
all being pretty conservative about it
except for Sweden which has like
completely lack stalls social distancing
and they've got the same rates of
infection as I really don't know there
was a change that's jumped
yeah the Sweden model
there was a curve that they showed week
to week where everyone else is kind of
like this is the the thing you keep
hearing flatten the curve right well
Sweden is a good example of how it's not
flat and it's going up so they had like
you know Sweden was yellow and this
country was another color and and Sweden
was going up well the ones were not huh
yeah it's it's a risky move you know and
I think I don't know if their fatalities
are any higher though we're gonna see
state-by-state what happens in this
country because you know California has
been really locked down pretty early in
pretty well and there are a lot of cases
in San Francisco but not that bad here
not bad here in LA no no it's not bad if
you really stop and consider what it
could be um a lot in New York though New
York's rough yeah
it's but think about the way people the
style of life over there everybody's
bumping into everybody on station yep
yep apartment buildings taking the
elevators hundreds of other people on
stairs and city bikes oh yeah man you're
you're always in contact with people
you're eating out way more than you're
eat at home I mean it's one of the cool
things about New York City you know
that's that's what's gonna be weird
coming back if people can relax or if
they're just now are we gonna be like
this when the flu comes around again
like what if another pandemic flu that
does the kind of damage that that other
one they were talking about the
2017-2018 flu we gotta be gun-shy now oh
i think i watch TV or movies and i
literally have a subconscious reaction
to people being close to each other
that's how internalized it's become and
that's gonna stick around for a while
yeah like you see a picture of dudes
like hugging each other and laughing at
a bar like what are you doing yeah yep
fuck yeah we're gonna be rewired after
this do you think you'll get through it
and and go back to normal do what you
think or do you think there's no normal
I think it depends on what you just said
I think if there's another one that
comes on the heels of this then it's
gonna really reinforce it but if if this
thing clears up as you know if the
weather comes in and it's warm
which
isn't even proven because a lot of warm
weather places still have the
coronavirus but if it if it's if that
helps stem it for a while and and it
goes away within a few months I think
we'll be okay well dude you're welcome
to come in here anytime you want while
we while we're down if you want to do
regular podcast let's do them all the
time oh that's great hang out yeah cuz
one of the things that I'm enjoying for
real enjoying over these last few weeks
was been I did a podcast with Burt and I
did a podcast with Tom that I did a
podcast with Joey and I'm like these are
my favorite like we're all getting to
hang out a regular basis right you know
it's not like these big stretches where
you're going on tour on the east and I'm
going over here and Joey's over there
like we're all together yes fucking with
30 minutes drive from each other all the
time yeah it's different I know this is
great and it's like it's like I was
saying with my family family and close
friends it's like yeah what's better
than that in life the things that's
weird those you can't hug and you're not
even shaking hands and we're seeing each
other but we're staying all these feet
apart from its own yeah yeah it's it
feels a little weird in that regard but
yeah that's just what it is now right
what it is now until it stops being that
I know when podcasting has to take the
place of stand-up for a while just
energy-wise creativity-wise people that
are doing stand-up on the internet with
no audience or out of your fucking mind
people are doing that the Laugh Factory
they were streaming stand-up comedy can
he hear the audience's laugh is like a
zoom where it's back and forth no
there's no audience he's doing stan has
to in standup
they're basically playing guitar with no
instrument yeah right they're
masturbating it's comedy masturbation
well they just start trying it out you
know they go people at home are
listening but it's not the same now
people want the content but you got to
figure out I just started this new
podcast called Sunday papers where I
just me and you know my buddy Mike
Gibbons yeah sure yes so me and Mike do
a thing where we read the Sunday paper
and we just go through each section
entertainment sports business let's go
and we just do jokes about each section
and we have little sound effects for the
paper and oh that's great yeah so it's
on my site it's on
fits dog radio site but and it's like
it's just another reason to hang out
with a good friend yes a week yeah Tim
Dylan said it best
he's like stand-ups that you can't just
do stand-up - no audience you suck you
got to be creative yeah I'm up with
sketches right you know but Dylan's
always doing that tim has always got
like is Megan McCain he's really fucking
funny
he's so prolific yeah he is and he let
the stuff he does out on the street just
fucking around with people is hilarious
no he's awesome
he's awesome but he goes so far like his
characters I told him like I want you to
get healthy man I'm like we need you
yeah like we really do need him right
he's fucking hilarious he's a wild man
and this is the TEL like for me like
guys like him head fucking push it hard
like they're important yeah you got to
keep these guys around that's right you
got to nourish them because like there's
a lot of lazy comics out there they're
not putting in one tenth of the work
that Tim Dylan's out there putting in
yeah he's constantly uploading new
videos constantly doing that constantly
tweeting funny shit constantly yeah on
stantly yeah he's just still working man
and he's just naturally funny yes he's
got that he's free gotta be from Long
Island right he's definitely from New
York he's got that Long Island sense of
humor he does yeah the best format
well-read a smart guy okay yeah we're in
we're in a strange strange moment in
history yeah it's strange but it's an
opportunity as really is something you
got to look at like you said something
to me when I asked you last week how
you're doing you said you just you're
just trying to accept and I think that's
the key if you can accept it then you
can be proactive about it you can be
creative about it you can just take
whatever life force you have and and you
know look at what what what are the
possibilities here don't have any
expectations that get shattered by
reality accept what it is what it is is
a new thing you know stay alive be nice
to each other and and do your best and
try to get through this and hopefully at
the other end when science and medicine
has gotten a handle on this hopefully we
can go back to normal life
they'll be wonderful but right now we
can't so it is what it is if you just
want to run around screaming and
hollering and freaking out about it and
it's not good what what makes me more
concerned than anything is what is life
gonna be like once the economy rolls
back again how many people gonna be out
of work how many business is gonna be
shuttered how many you know how fucked
up is it gonna be that gives me the most
fear of the unknown because I know that
a certain amount of people are gonna get
sick and a certain large percentage are
gonna get better and unfortunately some
people are gonna die and all that's
awful but I kind of see that that that
makes sense in my mind I kind of see a
disease I see people that all make sense
what doesn't make sense is an economy
that stops and then restarts again I've
never seen that yeah so for that I'm
like what is that like and there's no
model to base it on because our economy
today is so much different than it was
you know even ten years ago the
International economy it is it's a it's
a digital economy there's so much of it
that we don't we don't know how it's
gonna how it's gonna play out yeah and I
know that a lot more people are gonna
stop going to work I think that
businesses are saying oh we don't need
offices for a hundred percent of our
people and parking spots no we'll just
have 50% of the people work from home
like we just did for the last three
months that worked that would be very
cost-effective for people that don't
want to have gigantic offices and and
then also how free how much freedom it
is if you can work from home yep I mean
for a lot of people if that's possible
that would definitely be preferable hell
yeah and productivity I can tell you
from writing on TV shows over the years
there's been some that I've written from
home you know where I'm like a
consultant that's just handing them it's
I do so much more work when I have to
actually hand it in through an email
than when I'm sitting in a writers room
with 12 other people throwing out a line
once an hour I'll I'm eating fucking
sushi I mean I work my ass off when I'm
home because I got a I got to justify it
yes that's a good point that's a good
point you're accountable yeah I mean I
think a good thing to do right now
to think about that in terms of creation
of material one thing I've been guilty
of over the last month haven't written
jack shit I'm gonna have a couple ideas
I wrote down but I really have been
writing when I haven't been doing
stand-up and I decided what I wanted to
do is I wanted to know what my take on
this is and I felt like the best way I
could figure out what my take on it is
is just have a natural take on it mm-hmm
like actually go through this and and
find out what it is first how long it's
gonna last
and what what do you what are your
thoughts on this and at the beginning I
didn't know what my thoughts on it were
because my thoughts on it were stay safe
make sure family stays safe friends stay
safe you know do whatever you're
supposed to do and and let's find out
how long it's gonna take what are the
experts say talk to some experts what's
the prognosis look like it keeps getting
pushed back now it's June now they're
saying June things are gonna restart
June like fuck what is that like what
does that like for people that are
checked to check three months yeah April
May June right when when does it when
does it go back three months from now
and it's already been a month whoa you
know what went what day June what is
June 14 you've got more cases then what
do we do when do we do we ever say fuck
it let's just go back to work what is
that like hmm what kind of drunken Wild
West parties oh you're gonna be when
people go back to work and start going
back to bars and yeah they forgot how to
be out at a bar at a nightclub mm-hmm
how many people gonna be pregnant when
this this all goes back there's gonna be
a giant up nine months from now like oh
yeah I didn't think of that
they're fucking and they're scared and
they're shooting those those fear-based
loads yep which are heavy dude we're
running out of condoms I was just
reading the paper that's they're like
who they produce all the condoms in
Malaysia I think it's in Malaysia and
fucking their shuttered the factory
shuttered we need to make shit here but
we need to make shit in a way that
doesn't destroy the environment and one
of the ways they're able to make shit in
other countries is then all the same
regulations environmental regulations as
they do here that's always been the big
problem with
shipping stuff overseas they also don't
have the same regulations like when the
Foxconn scandal came out and they found
out there was Nets around the building
to keep people from jumping through the
building where they make iPhones yeah
you're like uh what yeah we gotta make
them here and we got to figure out a way
where we make them when we have a the
person who makes them makes good living
you know the back the old days when they
used to have like great cars that were
made in Detroit they were all made in
Detroit and Detroit was a huge city yeah
Detroit was one of the richest cities in
the country yeah it was huge now it's a
disaster because everything got shipped
overseas or everything got shipped to
you know different places well they got
to figure out you know the union's
because the unions are a great theory
and they have worked well in a lot of
ways but they also have huge problems
and they've there's got to be a way to
get unions back in place that can
guarantee people health coverage and
retirement without making the cost of
doing business so high that it hurts the
industry
I don't know jack-shit about finances so
I don't know whether or not there's even
comment on that but it would be nice if
everybody worked it out yeah it would be
nice if everybody figured out how to
make shit in America where we don't have
to worry about things going down and
let's let's learn from this let's learn
from this and start making medicine over
here why is all the medicine made in
China what right how much what it's
crazy yeah we make a lot of shit but we
need to balance out we need to balance
out for some sort of apocalyptic event
we got to be prepared well this is like
you know we're streamlining right now
we're realizing what's necessary and
what's luxury and we're getting we're
keeping it simple and then we're gonna
come out of it having a better gauge of
what each of us needs or individually at
the second term we go to war with Iran
China backs Iran whoa things get crazy
no one has any money fifty percent are
out of work militaries in the streets
yeah kovat 21 comes out
kills 40% of the population still no
ventilators all right
that's possible too yeah yeah there's a
lot of Possible's out there that was the
things that we wish we were shipping
stuff overseas they just just read
something today that like we were
sending metal medical equipment to other
countries we were do you read anything
about that it was when the ship broke
down in China we shipped a bunch of our
stuff there to help them without then
replenishing what we shipped over okay
oh we got stupid but I think I also read
something about Thailand that we would
that we were in the Pratt we were
actually shipping stuff to Thailand
right now and then it was some kind of
mix-up and the government's apologizing
about it now well China's apparently
gonna stop according to my friend forest
Galante who's a wildlife biologist
China's gonna stop the sale of a lot of
wildlife now which is what you got in
those wet markets yeah you know sale of
wildlife all packed on top of each other
apparently they're they're enacting some
new regulations to stop that because
they're recognizing like hey this is
where diseases come from it's a better
way to do this but I mean in really
impoverished provinces and you think
about the sheer size of China and the
sheer numbers of the population like and
the fact they've been doing it this way
for so long what are you gonna do
different how you gonna stop them well
it's factory farming it's so what's
happening is like these small farmers
are being pushed further and further
into the wilderness and so they're you
know they're basically harvesting
animals that aren't normally eaten and
there's a lot of batshit and the animals
are eating batshit it sounds like a gas
station version of what's really one of
your doctor guests who knows what the
fuck they're talking about I think
you're right about batshit though
official asked the Thais for help only
to be informed by the puzzled voices on
the other side of the line that a u.s.
shipment of the same supplies the second
of two so far was already on its way to
Bangkok so that we had a problem with
our policy in the way shit was already
sent over and someone else was asking
for stuff and they didn't know that it
was already being sent there so they'd
put a stop on that and
yeah oh so it's being sent to Bangkok
and we turned it around
today while their King is in Germany
clucking 20 beautiful women meanwhile I
was watching there's this guy
do you know Efrain raises now probably
one of the if not the greatest pool
player of all time one of the greatest
pool players of all time and he lives in
the Philippines and he plays these money
matches over there all the time he's
really old now he doesn't play like he
used to when he was at his best but they
put these matches online from like March
20th 2020 packed pool hall people
stuffed into in the Philippines stuffed
on top of each other no social
distancing whatsoever smoking cigarettes
hanging out playing pool stuffed into
this pool room and I'm like wow like
that's crazy that online yeah see if you
can find Efrain Reyes marched 2020 like
March 20th damn and I'm like oh how many
places of the world like this they just
they're just hanging out right they just
like fuck it we're just gonna do it
normal style right and then leaving and
going on public transportation first
wrong yeah and then other people in Iraq
with them and yeah but it's uh other
places you know you go to supermarket
and people are dressed up like their
beekeepers yeah what's your what's your
regimen for exercising during the same
as usual
same as usual yeah yeah except you can't
go to yoga classes no but I'm working
out here yeah you know no workout at my
house and I still run the hills with the
dog I've been doing that a lot more
hiking and running I had a little bit of
a knee injury from skiing mm-hmm but
that's healed up but it's um you know
it's not that big a deal for me luckily
I'm fortunately I got a home gym but
there's plenty of videos if you don't
online if you can get any one thing one
piece of equipment that I would think
you would need get a chin-up bar
everything else you could do with your
body weight if you just write out a
bodyweight workout so chin-ups
add chin-ups different kinds of push-ups
like Hindu push-ups Hindu push-ups or
your ass goes up in the air and you bomb
dive oh yeah shop it was like an up dog
yeah exactly those are great those are
great do series of you know sets of 20
of those do regular push-ups do Diamond
push-ups you know with your hands like
this you could do wall presses where
like you do you put your feet on the
wall and you could do like shoulder
presses that way where you're pushing
things overhead you putting mean like a
handstand mmm yeah and you just put your
feet on the wall so you rest your feet
on the wall and you just do shoulder
presses yeah instead of pushing weight
off over overhead you just push your
whole body up right so you could do that
you can you can without even leaving
your house you can get crazy cardio
workouts just by doing lunges and
switching steps and doing what are
called Hindu squats and Hindu squats you
go down they're all just all bodyweight
no wait no added weight at all you go
down and as you go down when your knees
go all the way bent you actually lift
your heels up off the ground you go on
the balls of your feet and then you put
your hands behind you and then you stand
up like this and then you go back down
again in the same thing you just keep
going over and over and over again and
you can do sets of like a hundred so
it's really pretty easy for the first
ten and then for the first 15 and 20 and
then you go okay oh this is gonna be
thirty who this is some work fifty holy
shit I'm halfway there 60 set and you
get to a hundred Hindu squats and your
thighs are fucking burning burning yeah
you want to build up like some wrestlers
would they would do them every day they
would do like 500 Hindu squats every
morning no as part of their conditioning
regiment you know the Misses that guy on
the WWE now who's on fear factor once
and the most fit guy we ever had on fear
factor by far like you do freaky shit
like swam and cold water holding his
breath while doing tasks for like two
and a half minutes didn't have to come
up for air where everybody else would
have tapped out a long time ago I was
like this fucking dude is fit and this
is before he was like a superstar in
wrestling like people knew of them he
had been on some reality show he was on
the real world yeah but like super fit
like crazy shape and he was talking
about the different things that he would
do for wrestling and one of the things
was the air squats they would do those
kind of Hindu squats very similar kind
of squats we do 500 a day Wow god damn
and knowing how hard this do 100 you're
doing 500 of those a day that's a
punishing workout on your legs you know
if you go anywhere yeah right from your
house we get some of those rubber bands
those rubber bands are really good -
great - those are great there's a ton of
exercises that you can learn on on
Instagram and on YouTube in particular a
bunch of different websites a bunch of
different people that could show you
extras on the onit website we got a
bunch of different workouts bodyweight
workouts and also if you want to get a
kettlebell just get one fucking
kettlebell there's a ton of YouTube
videos it'll give you an amazing workout
with one kettlebell one kettlebell 135
pound kettlebell and these these like
this series of high intensity workouts
from a bunch of different structure no
shit there's so much ya meant free cuz
they're they just want you to tune in to
their contents and they'll give you
certain exercises you can do and they
put them in order and they're trying to
build up their Instagram pages or build
up to use two YouTube pages
it's the plenty of success free
information get on amazon.com have them
send a 35 Bell to your house one
kettlebell and you placed your gym yeah
one kettlebell one chin up bar you
replaced your gym right I mean every day
you can get a fucking ferocious workout
in a bunch of different ways so the chin
up bar is just for pull-ups and chin-ups
just pull-ups and I guess abs yeah do ab
stuff too you want to get the kind in my
opinion my humble opinion get the kind
of screws into the door I don't trust
those ones that hook I just like I could
just see shit go wrong right you know I
mean I want a motherfucker that's not
coming out of the door yeah just this in
there and then from that you could do
those leg raises where you hang and you
bring your feet up and touch the bar and
then slowly bring them down to feed open
types of our brutal ab workout there's a
ton of shit you can do from your home
you could do if you want to get in crazy
cardio get these little egg weights they
have a bunch of different sizes and do
rounds of shadow boxing so I have some
that are 5 pounds or 5 pounds in each
hand and you you put on like a timer and
then you just
after shadowbox for three minutes here
13 seconds in you like oh fuck this
oh sure yeah just keep going keep moving
and it's you can get crazy cardio
without having to go anywhere yeah
anywhere you do anything yeah you know
I'm gonna continue with my program of
nothing
sleeping with rounds of furious
masturbation furious or do some push-ups
I've been now I've been doing stuff I've
been family yoga been doing every other
day we found a good video online we do
and then bike rides took a long-ass bike
route my son last night but they closed
the beach they closed the parks yeah the
tennis courts everything right now
Cameron Haynes his son Truitt is trying
to break the record for the most
chin-ups in 24 hours he's doing five I
think he's doing five every minute and
he's been really yeah he's been doing it
since three o'clock in the morning the
idea is it goes all the way through to
24 hours of chin-ups and I think the
number to beat
he's looking to beat like 4000 something
chin-ups no shit mmm-hmm
damn yeah that's going on right now go
to his Instagram you know at cams
Instagram page because camp flew in to
help him I think they're doing it in
Utah and his Instagram is just true it
that's Cam's son and posted anything for
the last five hours who's that 2060 2016
yeah so he might need to take a little
nappy-poo what's he built like is he
lean or is hideous he's a stud he's very
strong there is okay yeah he's probably
he's in the phytic acid in the 200-pound
range it's tall yeah he's a big kid big
strong kid
I mean he's taller than camp can know
how tall he is no I think about it oh
he's still anyway overhand
yeah that's pull-ups chin-ups through
this one yeah I guess he's probably like
511 510 511 whatever he is the kids stud
and he's young man he's I think he's in
his early 20s so he's doing this he's
doing five of them but he's got a savage
father
I mean his father's out there running
240 mile races that take three days you
know his father is one of the the best
bow hunters on planet earth yeah yeah
his father's Cameron Haynes is the guy
who originally taught me how to shoot a
bow and taught me how to hunt so that's
his son
so his sons a fucking savage - so he's
doing five of these every minute so what
you say is that mm what mm mm 60 sure 60
yeah
Rogan and Haynes for president 2020 yeah
that's great but anyway this kid is an
animal and he's documenting the whole
thing so good luck to you true it
mountain ops that's where that the
mountain ops gym that makes sense
they're a company that makes high-end
supplements that are used by a lot of
outdoor people uh-huh make a lot of
stuff specifically tailored towards
athletes that hunt and at like this
that's the thing about this bow hunting
thing that's very different than what
people associate with hunting like you
have to go to the animals and there's no
easy way to do it you're going to the
end you're hiking right it's it's a it's
a sport you have to be in shape it's
it's a rare you're gonna carry heavy
shit you gotta carry heavy shit but
that's the easy part the hard part is
well not always because sometimes you're
deep deep in you got to carry heavy shit
for miles and miles but it's also hard
just to get to where the elk are they're
they're super athletes and they just
effortlessly bound up the side of a hill
in seconds and it would take you an hour
to go to the same place yeah so you have
to follow these fuckers and you have to
be fit to do it and you're at you know
8,000 feet above sea level so there's
not much air there anyway
yeah so he started running marathons
Cameron did and getting in really great
shape just for elk hunting and then
along the way said all right I'm gonna
I'm gonna do some ultra marathons so he
did some hundred miles and then this did
this Bigfoot 200
was it Bigfoot 240 no it's ammo up to 40
so he did a 200 mile er and then he did
a 240-mile er that's 10 marathons dude
it's so preposterous it takes days days
and days and days and they just run for
days not straight through yes without
sleeping he'll race and an hour max in
an hour
sometimes people sleep 10 minutes yeah
Courtney dill Walter we had her in here
she won not only did she win it she won
it by more than ten hours so she was 10
hours faster than the second-place
person yet she's a savage she said she
slept for a minute and then when the
minute was over she was angry she
thought they'd let her sleep for longer
she was so rested uh-huh and she got up
and fucking kept running
dude she ran 200 I think it's like
officially they call it a two Ford it
was like 238 238 miles think about how
many times you run through pain like cuz
I run if I run to the beach and back
it's two miles and my angler miny
something hurts yeah but when you run
that far you're dealing with blisters
twisted ankles chafing oh you gotta fall
apart
damn yeah I've said it before but I'll
say it one more time if anyone hasn't
seen go and watch the video that was
documenting Eddie Izzard strip around
all of UK he was running a marathon
every day you do it for like 20 days or
something 26 days I think he did it
something crazy like that yeah but
here's what's really crazy didn't run
before this that's the craziness so
decided to pick up running and run a
marathon every day for like almost a
month and just by sheer will oh you mean
he didn't train leading up to that no
he's overweight no shit overweight
didn't wasn't in shape at all feet were
destroyed yeah I mean destroy like one
day they forced him like medically
forced him to take a day off like you
have to rest your feet his feet were
destroyed destroy the skin was just
hanging off of them just raw meat and
they're showing like they're trying to
clean the dressings and the bandages and
is just falling apart
like his skins destroy
you got a hassle serious internal pain
emotional pain to put yourself through
that or you have to have a mind it's
like a bank vault you don't let those
things fuck with you you just keep going
you have a goal
here's your goal left foot right foot go
keep going put two went to get to the
end and then get something to eat go to
sleep and you can do it again tomorrow
and after a while I sort of got in shape
he just got in shape by running a
goddamn marathon every day and so
towards the end of it he's like not
really in much pain anymore
he's like be able to do him a little bit
faster you could see his body's getting
more accustomed to to running and was he
doing it in high-heeled shoes no no no
he was only that helps imagines yeah
yeah he was doing regular clothes what's
that oh he did I was nails pin well
didn't he just did another one he just
did a 28 and 28 days I think he was
telling us he was doing one and he
wanted to run through these really bad
parts of Africa and they're like no like
you'll get killed
they'll rob you and kill you he's like
wheelie is like yeah we're gonna get you
take you in a van get you out of this
area and then you can run the rest yeah
like there's areas they like you are not
running like what if you guys follow me
like no that come get you make humanity
great again oh I love his hat it's blue
hat make humanity great again you got to
go blue right because he's got the red
and the you can't even wear a red hat
today and someone had a supreme hat on
it was Saab he had a red hat that said
supreme and white letters people I could
probably take that hat off
did you see Curb Your Enthusiasm this
season no I didn't there's one where he
wears a hat just to just to have people
leave him alone and he fucking loves it
he's watched her in LA and retreats him
like a pariah those are my picks if
you're if you're bunkered down looking
for shit to watch on TV
curbs new season is great Ozark it's
fucking great just started just cut
through Episode one of the new season
that's one of my favorite shows out mmm
outside or excuse me
on HBO great what else is good my
brilliant friend
HBO what is that that's when I was
telling you about it the Italian one
based on the books oh that's really good
names a new better call Saul I haven't
seen it yet but it's all loaded up on
the DVR that just finished this plenty
shit to watch plenty of good shit
everybody what's interesting about this
time so we're gonna gonna actually have
time to watch it I know I always
pictured like god I wish I could just
like you know break my leg so I could
lay in bed and catch up on this series
and it's like that's happening yep it's
happening for everybody yeah man I mean
I like to be optimistic I want to I want
to think that we're gonna come through
this better then we're gonna come
through this a little bit more
compassionate and understanding what
it's like to be a person but this is we
have a vulnerable existence that's what
I want right my fear is that there's
gonna be so much economic disparity so
many people out of work so much crime
that is gonna be a bloody bunch of
people that don't feel like they're
being looked out for and then there'll
be a further divide yeah that haves and
have-nots in this country which is what
you know one of the reasons why I like
people like Bernie Sanders whether or
not you're he's right or wrong about
whether or not he can enact any of those
economic possibilities that he's talking
about wondering I mean that stuff
actually works at least the guy running
the show has always been about helping
the working people making sure people
have health care making sure your
education is cover just those thoughts
alone like for the strength of our
community and taking into consideration
what we're going through right now with
it when you realize what's actually
important what's actually important is
that everybody's gonna be okay you know
whoever's okay make sure they're okay
get to get them resources yeah help help
where you can
when we think of ourselves in our
neighborhood you think your neighborhood
your neighbors need some help you want
to help right you want to especially at
a time like this we should that should
how that should be our approach to the
whole country
yeah right I just have to expand how we
feel in a neighborhood in a crisis
expand that to the whole country
like maybe we can have a little bit of a
shift here and the way we look at each
other this is real possible that maybe
everybody can do their part
and then you know the people that are
not doing their part the people that are
fuckin shitty when when they get served
on internet videos people are enjoying
the shit out of it you know they're
enjoying it there was a some guy was
spit on like he spit on some you see
that yeah and some guys smashed him yeah
everyone send that to everybody
right yeah fuck you man well that's the
thing it's like this partisanship it's
so hard to see you know what it's
probably started with Reagan and it's
gone since then where the left and the
right or just at each other and there's
no one reality anymore and the things
that brings people together is a war a
crisis where suddenly you see that we
are all in the same country we're all in
the same side that you the humane side
and hopefully that that's that's what
comes out of this that's well said and I
hope you're right
Greg Fitzsimmons ladies and gentlemen
episode 20 episode 20 on the Joe Rogan
experience dude we talked a lot of shit
yeah it's been great thanks for having
me often let's play some pool let's play
some pool dude all right friends we'll
be back much love to you all bye
you
[Music]